 The last line is pretty much the same as the first so how could I not? Of course it wasnt until after I read the whole thing did I realize I've been duped.   On the flipside generic canned ravioli is just as good as the name brand and you can get a bigger can for the same price as a regular one.   At least make it illegal to perform on infants who have absolutely no say in the matter.   I feel like I am the only who has never seen sushi at a gas station.   If anything it was an act of God for his chute not to open.   Pls no   I recall having some not too long ago.   I was gonna say Cocaine energy drink, but it was put back on sale not too long ago apparently. So I am going to say KMX energy drinks.    Yall dont happen to have coke with lime do yall? I'll totally trade a case of cherry coke of some.   I forgot all about those flatbreads :(   If I remember right these came up in an old thread and someone found a way to order them. . .   The Talib set-up is rather unique. . .set-ups like that are kinda hard to find...like a remote.   Ah Chingo Blingo. Had a chance to see him at a show in south Texas a while back. No one in my family wanted to go :/  "Gimme dat torta"   So edgy   Ah the Mighty Boosh.   I skipped to last line only and still assumed he was just a metal-enthusiast.    An excellent profession. Keep up the good work.   . . .patients?   Note to self: Duck Farts sound delicious.   You didnt get the memo? If you're virgin when you turn 30 you become a wizard.   I mostly only use .compact  It just sucks when a link to a different subreddit doesnt automatically turn to mobile.   I started/finished a multiple page paper over a court case the first few periods before it was due in class. I got a 90 on it.   How do rockets hover in place?   Sometimes when I just dont want the last bite.   That...makes sense   Goats are sheep now?   Doesnt making it into a puree sorta break the no lube rule?   And the fact 'n' and 'r' are pretty fucking far from each other on the keyboard.   What is this from?   Wat. . .wat is this toastman meme?   Poles?   I thought mouthbreathers was equivalent to neckbeards. . .   The fuck kind of gif is that?   Did. . .did you just kill yourself?   Perfume: Story of a Murderer did that for me.    El Mariachi, while Banderas probably couldn't reprise his role from the sequels it would be nice to see it made with a budget that isnt a couple hundred dollars. Still a great movie.   As a Catholic, I concur that most Catholics seemed to liked it.   Just remember everyday is another struggle, until you wake up one day realizing you arent struggling anymore.   Spice used to be a brand name of synthetics, but now it is just a common term to mean any synthetic weed.   Been over a year since I quit. Usually smoked 10g's Over 2-3 days, but had days where I would burn through a whole bag. Got pretty bad with it. I only smoked it out of a pipe so I would collect the ash/partially solid matter  and then shift it just enough to get the white ash off. Would basically smoke and resmoke until it just couldnt be lit anymore, strangely each hit was just as strong as a fresh bowl. Most days I would smoke until I pass out for like 15-30 minutes then toke up again repeating the process until lunch/dinner with the coma-naps getting longer as the day went on. I also woulx wake in the middle of the nightbjust for the sole purpose of getting another round in. Shit took its toll fast, mostly psychologically (sometimes voices but mostly just horrible paranoia/anxiety) but did notice chest pains and was constantly coughing shit up (tooks months of being off it to finally clear it up) I did pawn shit that was and wasn't mine to pawn just to get the next sack. Credit Cards were already pretty much maxed by the time I started using, but coincidentally my minimum payment was about as much as a sack was, so the cards stayed maxed out.   My advice is to try to come to terms with the debt pile and slowly work it off. If you havent already, destroy the cards. You can always get new ones, but the wait for the replacements should help curb any craving or momentary loss of self-control. If you aren't completely ostrochised from your family, maybe have someone take control of your funds for a bit, the first couple months are always the hardest to resist the urge to re-up.  Invest in an e-cigarette. Doesn't even have to have nicotine in it. The act of blowing out smoke can help alleviate the urge to start smoking it again.  If your drug counselling is a group setting, try to be open to the others' stories and experiences. You might find some inspiration in their life experiences.   They'll probably suggest this at counseling, but maybe look into a Narcotics Anonymous group. I never did do that, but it can definitly help with the healing process.  As for depression, that is a whole 'nother beast that I've struggled with my whole life. Hopefully yours is just due to temporary chemical imbalances and not hereditary. Either way /r/depression is a wounderful community at your disposal.   Everything I said/suggested is purely from my own experience. Make sure you communicate with your doctors everything as they will know the best way to help you.   ...which is why you can usually be out and about if you are 17 or older. . .   I want to believe.   Moby. I was the only person I knew that likes him and just couldnt bring myself to go to his concert alone.   If anything he'll make a good manager, probably.   Yea it was definitly some kind of sketch pricing scheme, but shit a deals a deal when you just wanna get high.   Shit or even just a Christmas Special or something.     This whole debacle has potentially made that much more difficult here.  I think, if NZ is really going to have a rigorous screening process for the legal highs, then this will help with the education/protection for addicts regarding it all. I mean pretty much anyone can grow weed, but how many times have you heard of someone cooking up their own version of spice in their backyard? So as long as the new screening process isnt just a red herring that they hope people will forget about, then it will be more conducive to a healthier legal high culture.     I don't know about other places, but when he had it in Texas it went for about $30/10g or $20/3g, depending on brand which is way cheaper than $20/g kush or $50/14g korn. Of course the perceived tolerance IME shoots up pretty high pretty fast with the synths so what you're saving just goes towards more of it.   I could see that. No accepted pharmaceutical use doesnt mean it cant be straight up recreational.   Times like that i smoke a little bowl then go on a long spree shifting through the ground up getting it as clean as possible.   I've noticed Indica's do the same thing to me mostly. You ever start noticing all the ambient noises around you and start putting voices to them?   Extreme Paranoia? Moldy Weed? Shady deals gone wrong?   Any and all stories that others could learn from are appreciated.  Particularly looking for stories from users that don't/can't smoke anymore due to bad trips.    Easily could have been at Harvard, but smoked weed and played WoW last years of high school. Didn't walk but graduated the summer after one dual credit at a local community college.   FTA: "The New Zealand government's **testing regime**, expected to be **as rigorous as** that applied to **pharmaceutical drugs**, means that it could cost manufacturers of legal highs over $1 million NZD (£500,000) to have each product approved.  I'm sorry but I don't see the problem here. Is this not what we wanted? A stable product that isn't going to change its chemical make-up everytime a new law takes place? I don't pretend to know NZ politics, but I know as a former US spice user that I do wish I knew exactly what I was using and wish America did something along these lines instead of wave after wave of bans.   It was poorly advertised and was a rather limited release.   Mine would be the fan-made trailer about Robin.  For actual trailer it would have to the original spiderman with venom before he was redone in the final cut.   Step 1: Buy app store giftcards with all the dirty cash you want.  Step 2: Create $1k app  Step 3: Using bogus accounts spend the giftcards on your $1k app  Step 4: ???  Step 5: Profit   The second one wasn't half bad. A bit disappointed there weren't more   Grew up eating most fruits, but mango is the one that I just can't get past the texture of. Mango flavoring is pretty good however.   Pokemon reference.   IDK my BFF Jill?   "Urinals are out of order? That's ok the toilet seat will make sure I don't miss."   I love it straight up. Sipping licorice it feels like.   I remember not actually minding the grass and dirt ones back then. . .   One fun fact is that becore Usher was Usher he used to hang around with the Dungeon Family.   So you are saying that if the Doctor is to finally become a ginger make sure it is a famous ginger?   Imagine if they went back and actually redid El Mariachi.   Live-Action. . .Barbie? So are they going to CGI the star to look like barbie or make Barbies more realistic looking?   It's just the Housewives, dudette.   TiL Captain America is a wizard.   2 hours until tickets go up. . .any idea how much it'll cost?   I'd like to see the Smiths in Black Nativity 2.   So much dust under the screen!   I don't mind dark chocolate with some salt in it.   Unless it's some jazz.   What exactly did you find to be ignorant?   Would love to see a word cloud of the comments.   Am I the only one who hates OP for not showing #6?   Shit I'm on mobile, but looking at wikipedia I believe it is S5 E25.   I had friends that had that teacher. Everything he said was spot on about her.   This happened last year and teacher has since been reprimanded.   So glorious.   Not to mention he was featured on Tosh.0.   I mean it is Duncanville, Texas after all. . .   Currently fasting before my physical in 5 hours. . .I know what my first meal will be!   Is that like the Mcdank? A McDouble with a McChicken in the middle of it?   . . .And?         I've had this app for two months now and it still won't work. Anyone else having issues with it?      Man fuck this last year. Fuck it royally. Fuck the fact that I got promoted. Fuck the fact I kicked the several year long spice habit. Fuck the fact I got laid for the first and only time. Fuck it all. I still fucked up at school for the 3 or 4th time and am probably suspended from the system. . . again...I still drove her away with the creepiness and general beta-mindset. . ..still broke all the time cause I have poor money management skills...behind a couple months on my cards and will have student loans starting up again now that I'm out of school.. Fuck the fact old friends are back in town graduated and not responding to texts or calls. ..man fuckall this. At least I have my music.  Only people to remember it's my birthday is my ma, cousin, sister. Oh yea and the student loan company emailing me happy birthday trying to collect. But it's cool I get free movie tickets whenever I want. Oh and I get free stuff today at the smoke shop...    So I've been looking for the lyrics for Big Rube 4:38 (Interlude) On Cool Breeze's Album and have had zero luck. It is even omitted from rapgenius. I was wondering if anyone knows whats up with that and if anyone has said lyrics.               Now this week they added my state to their no ship list. . . Am I just incredibly lucky or did I get them in trouble? LOL   Would you play them straight through, or would you start out with some highlights?   As seen on Snoop Lion [here](http://i.imgur.com/v2OxaH7.jpg)   I have always been a fan of that style headwear, but just never could find them.  First, what are they called?  Second, I'm not really looking for that color scheme per se, just one that'll work well on St. Patrick's Day.  Much Obliged.     I personally am ~~5th~~ 6th Gen.   EDIT: Seems I was reading my family tree wrong.        	103
 I'm sure I'll get flamed for this, but true friends don't write each other off for life choices. My BFF is pregnant. If she's happy, I'm happy.    Really want to respond with "You know what day of the year I love NOT having kids? EVERY SINGLE PAYDAY."      After I told my grandmother that I didn't want to have kids, she told me that if she could do it all over again, she wouldn't have them herself. It was just what you did back then. She is MORE than supportive of my choice. She tells me not to get married either!   I work in IT security. There is definitely a market for that in Richmond, and I believe it will continue to grow. A lot of people at my company moved to Richmond from the DC area - some for this job, and some before they started working here. It's becoming such a common thing that I really think the Richmond area will be an exponentially bigger place, population-wise, in 20-30 years.  My company (a Fortune 10) is hiring right now for quite a few positions. Shoot me a PM if you want to talk about what you've been doing specifically.   You're spending too much time and energy trying to justify your life to other people. I've done this myself too. Just let it go and focus on living your life, not explaining why you are living it a certain way. Sure people will say dumb things, but if they weren't saying something stupid and insulting about the childfree life, they would be saying something stupid and insulting about something else. It's what people do.   Go live your life with no regrets.       I wouldn't say anything to them. Honestly, they are already WELL aware of the crying and are probably going crazy themselves trying to stop it. Not even parents like hearing that racket nonstop.   This is just one of those reasons that apartment living sucks. In my last apartment, the guy below me had a dog that barked all day long while he wasn't home. Drove me insane. I love dogs and have one myself so I was understanding to a point. Eventually I mentioned it to him and he tried a bunch of things like leaving the TV on etc but nothing stopped it. He ended up getting rid of the dog. I enjoyed the quiet but felt pretty shitty after that one.      If he has a problem with how you are handling it, he should help HIS child with his homework. It's nice of you to help SS, but that isn't your kid and you have a right to have a limit where once somebody hits that limit, you don't help them anymore.    I don't mean comedy. I mean bad poetry, angry performance art, and stuff like that. With VCU here, there has to be some of this around.   There was blood left at the scene, but if the suspect hasn't been arrested for a felony since then, their DNA wouldn't be in the database and would not pop up as a match.   Wow. That's scary. I would say 99% of the drug related homicides I ever saw were gunshots. Stabbing someone like that is pretty... Personal.    Interesting. Well regardless, it's an interesting read.    God. Never would have imagined someone doing that !   I'm in this area a lot and I'm confused by this. Knowing that turn, it seems like the only way this guy would have been hit is if HE hit someone ELSE coming the opposite way on Broad.  To be making a left turn onto that street, he would have been going east on Broad. The street he was turning into is a two-way street, but coming off of that street onto Broad is a right turn only. Unless some idiot thought they could turn left out of there.   I saw this mentioned in another thread, so I looked it up out of curiosity. Not much out there on it, except for a video that Henrico County published:  http://henrico-va.granicus.com/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=98  According to that video, there were drug overtones. The overkill also points to the suspect being someone they knew.   I'm surprised there isn't more out there about this. I used to work in law enforcement and I'm pretty well-versed on cold cases, missing persons and unidentified bodies around the state. I'd never heard of this one until today.  The police have samples of the suspect's blood, which wasn't very useful at the time, but with the DNA advances since, all they need is a name. Given their ages, the fact that they knew a lot of people, and the possible drug activity, SOMEONE probably knows what happened that night - someone other than the suspect, I mean. There was a struggle, and the suspect would have had a large/deep laceration on his hands or arms.  Anyone remember this?     Hey guys! I came across a book at the library I wanted to share here. It's called "The Skeleton Crew" by Deborah Halber - all about the web sleuths out there solving cases like this.   I used to work in law enforcement investigations and there was another thread where people were asking me how this happens, how people go missing and aren't reported etc. This book gives some insight on this.   "The Missing" by Andrew O'Hagan is good too, it's UK based but the same scenarios apply there.      Either or both. I ran into a LOT of this misogyny on dating sites. Well, this type and worse.    Yes, any time I hear a man tell a woman "the truth" it's always something hateful disguised as being helpful. I guarantee he is currently on a dating site engaging in this same behavior.    Knew we wouldn't have to wait long for a misogynist to come along and try and bump the OP down a few levels.   thank you!   Ah, I get it now. Thanks a lot!   I'm confused how that generates taxable income. I've already paid income tax regardless... right?   thanks!!   I recently got a very nice raise (30%) and I'm trying to get my finances straight. I currently contribute 8% of my salary to my employee-sponsored 401K which comes directly out of my paycheck, so I don't even notice it missing. I chose 8% because my employer matches 50% of what I put in, up to that point.  I have opened up a rollover IRA to roll over my old 457 plan (government version of a 401K) from an old job. Right now it is a traditional IRA, but I apparently have the option to do a one-time conversion to a Roth if I so choose. I haven't figured that one out yet.  My question is, with either a traditional or a Roth IRA, do those contributions have to be taken directly out of my paycheck? I have a couple of different savings goals right now so I would like to have the option of manually putting the money in every month, at least for awhile. I'm a "saving personality" so I'm not worried about blowing the money if it doesn't come out automatically. I just want to have little leeway so if something comes up that I want to do (like take a trip or something), I don't have to deal with changing my contributions through my employer. If I can just transfer money over to the IRA like I do my savings account - manually every paycheck, and adjusting by more or less depending on what's going on in my life - I would prefer that.  I've googled this and haven't found an answer. I'm wondering how that would work with taxes. If I'm doing it after I get my paycheck, then the money has already had income tax taken out of it. If I put it into an IRA, will I get taxed twice?   Couple more things you have to keep in mind for older cases:  1) A lot of missing persons cases got brushed off back in the day. Either they wouldn't take reports for cases like this, or they would take a report and not do anything with it, leading to -  2) At my department we had a few cold case missing persons cases that slipped through the cracks and were never entered into the national database NCIC (probably because the case wasn't taken seriously at first - in which case the missing person status wouldn't pop up for regular review by the reporting department (by NCIC guidelines). So they end up forgotten... and flash forward to today, they aren't in the online missing person databases that are available now. So there's basically no way to easily connect them to unidentified bodies.  Oh and 3) it was a LOT easier to change your identity before 9/11. It was WAY easy to just slip off in the night and start using a different identity. These days there is more of a paper trail if you go missing voluntarily. We had a lady disappear, family thought she was dead... a month later her SSN pops up in public records and lo and behold, she's in another state. She just said screw it and left without telling anybody. We only were able to track her because she kept using her old information. It's harder now to just make up a new identity without getting caught. Years ago, it happened all the time.      Yep... all of this, 100%.   But from what I saw in my old job, a LOT of missing people fall under these types of categories:  - homeless/transient, so no one really notices them "missing"   - left on their own accord as an adult. From what has come up about Grateful Doe/Jason, sounds like he had already left voluntarily. Add to that the fact that he was following the Dead, thereby entering "transient" territory above. 1995 was a different time, no cell phones and Facebook to keep tabs on people.  - established pattern of leaving for long periods of time. when they don't come back, people assume they decided to leave for voluntarily, for good this time.  - drug/alcohol problems, which in turn lead to "established pattern of leaving" or homelessness  - bad or no relationship with family, or family all deceased  So generally, lots of people (sadly) are in situations where no one notices you missing, no one cares you are missing, or they assume you just want to be left alone and not found, so it doesn't occur to them to file a missing persons report. I'm sure a lot of people also assume that the police won't bother putting a lot of manpower into a missing person report unless it's obvious that the person is a) underage; b) has a severe medical condition or mental disability; c) signs of foul play exist, or d) it's VERY unusual behavior for the person. And sadly yes this does happen.   One of my hobbies is street photography, and I come into contact with a lot of homeless and "train kids" who ride the rails around the country. It's a whole subculture of people. Who would notice these people missing? Also with homeless/transient people, there's usually a dislike/distrust of the police. After all, they get harassed on a regular basis, typically. If they ARE traveling in a group and one of them disappears, I don't think it would be likely that they would go file a police report. Same with homeless people that stay in one area. Going to the police about this stuff just doesn't generally happen.   I used to work in law enforcement - in Virginia - as an intelligence/investigative support analyst. I have a passion for missing   unidentified cases, and still do, even though I left the field.  The Grateful Doe case was one of the cases in my state that really bothered me deeply. I spent many, many hours - over the course of many years - researching the case, trying to match Grateful Doe with missing persons reports across the country. I used what law enforcement databases and resources I had to try and figure out who this young man was, or even who the Caroline's were. Something, anything to help.  Obviously all of that effort was fruitless, given that he was never reported missing. I figured that might be the case - it happens a lot, for a variety of reasons.  When I saw the new developments recently, I actually cried. I am so happy this looks like it will finally be resolved. I'm also glad to see that Jason was a happy person who looked like he truly enjoyed his life and was living it the way he wanted. A lesson to us all...   	29
 Hi Ruben! Happy Birthday!  	1
 In the US, the Supreme Court has ruled that innocence is not a standard for a appellate habeas relief.  In plain English it means that in the US you can be wrongfully convicted of murder, and everybody from juror to judge to executioner can agree without a shadow of a doubt that you're innocent, and you can still be put to death.  Cullen v Pinholster   Knights of the Old Republic   "The force is a powerful thing. I heard it can wipe away entire identities..."   I'm pregnant. It's yours.   TIL that Brian Grazer was child molester too.    I'm a film student struggling to pay for an expensive film school. I have written a pilot that I'm shooting for my senior thesis and I've got a feature script just laying in a drawer. I have no qualms saying I'm the best producer at my school, because I'm the only one who will do WHATEVER IT TAKES to make the story happen. I know how to do every job on set, and I have a wealth of film school contacts who would be willing to work for free. Can you make money as a porn producer anymore? If I shot a porn, I know a cinematographer who could make it look like a work of art with just a DSLR and some china balls. And my PD department would be hella artsy. What does the porn distribution model look like anyway?   I'd ask my film school professors, but they'd be really shitty about it.   Gold futures. So long as the market is in contango, you're guaranteed to make a profit. The only way to lose money is if the gold gets stolen.   I'm alcoholism and I'm slowly killing Santa Claus. Why? Because his dad used to put cigarettes out on his neck.  Also, it was a comedy.   The Germans sign "3" with their thumb, index, and middle finger.   I'm studying humor, so if there are any veteran comedian redditors out there, what makes the scene:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8PHNiCWLsc  So freaking funny?  EDIT: Real quick disclaimer. I'm not asking whether or not the clip is funny. This is not about opinions. I need to do an essay on humor and frustration and I got assigned this clip by the teacher. I'm just asking how the humor is constructed.      Somebody fix this. Looking for a cheap, effective way to keep from sneezing when I play with my dog.    Yeah, a lot of guys like that are so brilliant at their jobs and so terrible at picking up clues from girls. I was that for years. I'd bet money that he probably secretly worries why he can't find any girls who are interested in him. You guys sound like a perfect match: you both understand the demands of hectic career schedules and you both like each other. This stage of the relationship isn't really about getting to know each other better, its about attracting each other. Make your desire known, really known, before the coffee date is over and don't stop until he's totally aware no matter how  unnatural it feels. Later, He'll thank you for taking the emotional risk to break through his densess.   Do it. I would be so bummed if a sweetheart like you decided not to talk to me at the gym. Hell, that's the only reason we go to the gym. Wear the sluttiest outfit you have, and ask if he can spot you while you lift something heavy. Then lift it wrong and have him show you how to do it right. Preferably something that requires a lot of thrusting.  If that doesn't work, it's a lost cause.    Give him an opportunity to throw his cards on the table. You don't need to see him at a bar or wait for him to hit on you. Send him a text at 2am. You need him to come over and kill a spider or fix a doorknob or whatever. He'll either be at your door or he won't. Either way you'll have an answer.      	15
 lol I do that on a regular basis. ;)   how do you figure? From the start, I have done everything by the book. I have two choices -either carry on fighting to see her, or walk away. If I walk away, she will think I have abandoned her. If I keep fighting to stay in her life, even if just weekends then she will know I'm there and that I care.  I can only hope that sooner rather than later- it gets sorted and she can have a regular routine so that she knows when she's going to get to see Mummy.   I'm certainly not lazy. I used to be doing over time every week when no one else would.    not seeing my daughter and quite a big issue to me.   thankyou.   depression is a thought process that occurs in your mind. You get into viscious thought circles, kind of windin yourself up about something. Trying to solve it in your mind when, if you think about it, that's impossible. You do it until you are so upset/angry you can't think straight anymore. This is according to a friend of mine   Well I'm planning on going back to college next year. Maybe train in something that doesn't involve other people's children.  It's weird because usually bitchy comments don't usually get to me but I guess it's a sore subject.   My doc signed me off because when I went into work-I would see the children and cry because I miss my own so much. I am hoping to return to work soon but am concerned my collegues are going to penalise me. I guess that's where the 'don't give a fuck' attitude comes in.     Thanks-I will do.   But why are they jealous of another's downfalls? One of the girl's asked me what doctor I go to, her tan is fading and it's depressing her, she needs a month off.   I know she was being sarcastic but I wouldn't wish the feelings I have on my worst enemy.   Thankyou for your comment.x   I have depression because I don't have my daughter. I was a young mum and didn't know how the court system worked. Hense losing her in the first place. I've had weekend custody since-then he got married and decided he didn't want me in the way. He phoned up social services and accused me of punching/hitting/shouting at my daughter. I have NEVER hit her. So he denyed me access because I'm apparently violent. I've 'apparently' hit him a few times too. Bare in mind he's a big guy and used to push me around when we were together-although I never had proof of this.  When I go to court- a penal notice will be put on the court order, so that if he denys me access again-he could go to prison-or lose full custody.  I'm depressed because this has gone on far too long. I don't like watching my daughter be torn between her parents. She is confused and I feel responsible. I just want to be a Mum to my little girl. that's all.    I've been fighting a five year custody battle over my daughter. Her Dad has been denying me access most of this year. I'm back to court soon to sort that out. However due to the hell I've been through, my doctor has signed me off work. I have anti-depressants and counselling. I work full time in a children's nursery. so being there means I spend more time looking after other people's kids than my own.  My collegues however, are not exactly being friendly. {all female} they say I'm skiving off and although they do know the reason why I'm off,they have become vicious. They also say I shouldn't be out n about if I'm ill. which means I guess I can't go to the supermarket and do my shopping because I have depression.  One of them even said that she wants depression so she can have a month of work and get half pay for it!!!    This is obviously not helping in my recovery and now I'm scared to go back because of bullying.  Am I just being silly or should I take this seriously?    Apparently I sound like a Fox new reporter. However-everything I've said happens to be true.    lol they are awesome!   Agreed. However their new drummer from Dream Theatre is also well known and has brought some new talent to the band. So hopefully they'll carry on the good work.    Stunning.   I wouldn't let my kid play with it! It reminds me of an old xfiles episode where the doll belonged to a little girl and made people do stuff like slit their own throat with vinyls etc. Weird.    Tank paintballing is even better.  You get to battle another tank too. Here's a link:  www.armourgeddon.co.uk   accidental prescription drug + alcohol overdose.    He's awesome!   http://www.atheistnation.net/video/?video/00420/atheist/20-20-atheist-discrimination/  quote from the above video 'this is a christian country and if you don't like it you can get out'     Do your research. American politics is retarded. Fox news is one sided. I base my judgements on the facts, not on what I want to be true.    Aa box filled with a love letter, photo, choc, book on the karma sutra, heart cookie, funny shaped soap, mixed cd and lots of little trinkets in it that mean things to us.  It was a shoe box that was decorated with stickers n glitter etc etc.   It was really special because my S.O had taken the time to decorate the box and put special things in it. Better than jewelry any day.   I actually did have 10 cats earlier this year. I have three cats. Two of them decided to get jiggy and made 7 little kitties. They all went to good homes. I kept the runt of the litter though, I called her meas-ion. Her Dad is called Schrodinger.   hense photoshopped   This is obviously, mainly down to the boy's upbringing. His Dad shoots 'anything that moves'.  They let him roam about alone. I wouldn't allow my son out of my sight if I thought he would do something like that. And I would be asking for all the help the world can offer.    :)   Did you understand it?    I'm English and would NEVER move to America. For a start I'm an Atheist so I'd be disscriminated against. There's crap about the Bible EVERYWHERE.  Sarah Palin-She was nearly Vice President for christ sakes!!!! Fox news-the most corrupt thing I have ever seen. And what's with electic Bush TWICE??? Better the devil you know huh? Oh and over half the population are obese. I don't like guns either.    Vanila Sky, Identity, Donnie Darko, S. Darko{sequel about his sister} fight club, dreamcatcher.   If you think Donnie Darko was fucked up then you should se S. Darko!    http://furrybones.com/images/tiger-lion-tigon-liger.jpg    Liger   It's those tiny poo particles that make your farts smell. So next time someone farts near you-remember, that you're breathing in their poo! haha!   Watch the video!   give up!   and pussies!!!   What happens when I'm dead, doesn't bother me. What bothers me is how I die. Pain free please!   The bigger he is, the harder he falls.   That's awesome!   lol which one? the cockerel? or the cockatiel???   It looks so lonely. poor li' thing :(   defo a cat.    okay thanks. . it's says it for any file that i download, which is what I found strange about it. But I'll just drag n drop from now on.   I don't think it's a problem with vuze. I think it's an itunes thing . .but I'm not sure. I'm on a windows 7.   Use a lighter duvet and open the window. She'll then be cold and want hugs. Works for my fella n I.   I wonder if he had a shower today . . .   I would eat cloned me too . .in a sexual way! ;)   Meh-butcher it up and freeze it.   Arrrrrrrrrghhhhh!   And mine!   Meh .. . I just just tell my fella he owes me one later and wink at him! Then later on . . .maybe the morning I'll move in for the kill! Mwahahaha!   Aaaaaaah, schadenfreude! ...or was that not the intended evoked response?  Wow, I am lucky aren't I? yay me! I feel so blessed to not be suffering like millions of others are!  We live in a terrifyingly shitty world! Shit!"   Fair enough and thankyou for your response.  I have to say, that whenever my situation with my daughter is brought up-people judge regardless of how much information I give them. It seems that a Father having access issues to his children is nothing new. Which I feel is disgusting and don't agree with. I would never stop my daughter seeing her Father unless I felt she was in serious danger in his care. Unfortunately her Father isn't on the same wave length.   However when it's the Mother having the problems, people always seem to think that she must have done something terrible to not have her children.   The only reason I lost in court was due to my lack maturity and knowledge at 19. This is when the custody battles began. I'm now 23 and am going back to court in two weeks to have the current court order re enforced. As usual. I have to pay out for it.  I earned nat min wage with is about £850 after tax a month. Maintenance is £125. I'm barely left with anything after that. If I didn't have my partner-I'd starve.    Hahaha! That did made me chuckle!   He looks really comfy in there!   Look away!!! Look away!!!   Err I'll have you no it doesn't always work that way. I have a little girl that I barely see. I am her Mum. I have done nothing wrong. . .it's just the way in ended in court. I pay child maintence and court fees regulary. I'm now on anti depressants due to the five year hell Im in.    I just sent a link to my best mate. He will appreciate this. Although he did complain that the flesh light was little tight. . .   The pale one-looks a little too pale. I have very pale skin-but she looks ill-anemic??   I've never been in a situation like this-however due to family differences, I've had to cut ties with my parents. I still talk to my younger brothers but due to one of them still still living in the family home, he tends to 'side' with them.  I'm 23 years old and have my own home and family. I am currently doing financally better than my parents. They call me a snob for this. Even though I have worked damn hard for everything I have.  Other family members tell me that I'm an example to them. They live on state benefits and my grandmother owns the roof over their heads.   I now live by the saying 'The family you make is more important than the family you come from'.  If you still live in the family home, move out as soon as you can. That way they have no hold over you and will be less able to guilt trip you every single day. It's only money. Your sister HAS the continous love of your parents. You HAD your grandmother's love instead.   Your sister is NOT your responsibility. Remember that. Good Luck.    That's so sad. It shows how corrupted the world is. That bear was obviously fine and happy. They had no need to take her away from her 'family'. Animals do not belong in cages.   	59
 A lot of the time I have trouble communicating why I feel so unhappy because there is no one core reason. I hate it when people say "You're not making any sense." after they ask me repeatedly to explain how I feel even after I tell them "I don't know" ...  	1
 Thank you :-)   Hey r/Denver, We have moved from the UK to Aurora and I'm trying to register with a doctor in the 80015 area. The Dr that came with the best recommendation from friends doesn't have an appointment for registering until October, and as I think I may have tendonitis in my shoulder, I don't really want to wait that long to be able to see someone! Does anyone have a good Dr in this area? I need a Dr that accepts GWH-CIGNA and preferably a Family Medicine or General Medicine Dr.  Thanks in advance r/Denver :-) You guys rock!   Apparently there was a funnel cloud sighted to the NE but I havent heard from anyone yet who saw it. Most people just went outside on hearing the sirens as it was pretty clear here. Crazy people :-)   and they all went off in Aurora a couple of hours ago :-)    Moved here 8 weeks ago, the lips I can cope with, but the boogers, aww man they get me every day :-(    MRI?   This. But make sure you know your left from your right - nearly got taken out yesterday by someone on a bike yelling 'on your right' and passing on my left! She did appologise though :-)    Wow, 5 heart attacks since he was 37...      Just got back from the park with the kids, so warm out :-)    Dam you! I just spat coffee on my screen.   Upvote for being awesome   I had that LP!   ''Also I hear orgasms can make breastmilk shoot out so I have this weird image of it hitting his face like a watergun'' It totally does.   Yay 303'ers :)   Happy Birthday!   Dreyers Girl Scout Cookie Limited Edition Samoas Flavour.  Oh my god.   And yes, I've only been here (in the US) three weeks :)   lol   no no no no!    Nope, 13 items in unacceptable, it needs to be a nice even number. Or ending in a 5 at a push!       9 month old though :(    We are moving to Denver in 14 days!!   Seriously? You only just noticed and didn't see anything of it before?? It's been front page ALL week :S   The Sonic was the 1st game I ever completed on my own. Still remember sitting in my living room with my mum and dad and feeling that sense of achievement. They didn't really get it but seemed impressed that I'd kept going at something that long.   FFS I actually teared up a little. God damn hormones.    Moving house and have just found my old Game Gear (powering up but screen not working) and also 10 old games. My dad bought these when the Game Gear 1st came out.   I have - Sonic, Sonic 2, Columns, Echo the Dolphin, Olympic Gold, Pengo, Halley Wars, Mickey Mouse - Castle of Illusion, Super Monaco GP and Jurassic park.  Are these things collected or even wanted anymore?  Does anyone on here want them? (I am in the UK btw)  p.s I actually wanted a Game Boy but my dad was swayed by the salesman talk of the colour screen!   I had A Game of Thrones - "Come South with me, and I'll teach you how to laugh again," the King promised.   Sounds promising.   Sadly it makes financial sense to follow my husbands work! I have gotten used to moving around, but this is one of my favorite places :)   Should have added that I'm moving from a quiet little village in the UK to mid-west USA. I'm gonna miss my beach!      Pretty much what the title says!      Thank you! I am swollen up one side of my face but look more like I have eaten too many chocolates! Hope you are feeling better soon :)   The previous time I had a tooth out it really didn't hurt at all either! I had to have surgery to get the lower one out hence all the pain (and stitches) my jaw bone hurts more than the gum if you know what I mean. Hope you heal quickly.      THIS.   After losing a baby, a lot of 'well meaning' people would say unhelpful things to me such as 'ah, you'll just have to get trying for the next one' 'it's for the best' ' these things happen for a reason' 'it wasn't a baby yet anyway (seriously WTF!)' I hated these comments as my baby was already a huge part of my life and on my mind every second of every day. If you know people who may say these sorts of things, get between them and your wife and try to fend off these comments. In my very emotional state I nearly punched a friend of a friend in the face for her advice. Losing your child is an awful experience.   Be there, listen and be open with her too. You may find she is unable to process your grief over hers which can lead to resentment between the two of you. Make sure you both have other people to open up to - yes, you as well.   Take time to mourn and make a little box of mementos. You may not want to look at it for years, but one day you will want those memories and it would be awful not to have them. We have a small fairy/angel statue in our living room in memory of our baby. It's small and discrete but it's always there with me.  EDIT spelling   Me too   NOPE   TIL you can't access that page from the UK. Wierd.   not sure why I got a downvote here - I was being sincere!   Thanks for the link      I'm hypermobile and it's visible in most of my joints. My fingers, thumbs, knees, ankles and shoulders are the worst. I've had to have three knee ops to sort out the cartilage and if I sleep in the wrong position or overstretch for something I dislocate my shoulder out :)      apparently mine means 'from the monastery town'. My old surname is even more dull and means 'a long piece of land'.   [relevant](http://benton.spreadshirt.co.uk)    Ah, APC. Had this song playing as part of my wedding service.   I have had a few, having to report suspicion of child abuse for work, calling my dad after my Grandma died suddenly, calling my younger sister to tell her that my mum had left my dad. All left me feeling sick and shaky, still feel it when I think of it now.   came here to say the same (though agree with the rest that this is really not WTF after some of the things I've seen today)   I'm really glad you are doing better :) It is really hard when things are getting too much to get back on top of it all so well done! I'm good thanks, get some big plans coming up but looking forward to a new challenge and a more positive time in my life! Take care x      APGAR can be done visually, has been with both of mine whilst I gave them their 1st feed.    So rape, murder, abuse et al have disappeared? I want to live in your world.   and I have every sympathy for the whole family. No one should have to go through losing a loved one be it from any circumstance. But sometimes people can only see one way out regardless of medication, intervention, or even 'manning-up' as was suggested to me (and by the way I am very much a female!) There will always be a situation that pushes someone too far and takes them so far from the factual situation into the realms of the depression that they do not feel they can get out. And that in itself is depressing enough. I live everyday with the memory of coming so close and despite all the counselling, medication and CBT that I have had, there is always that little insecurity in me that says what if I go there again? Am I strong enough now?   http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsweek/Depression_and_pain.html  A study into the interwoven nature of pain and depression. I am aware it is more from the pain perspective but still has some very good points.   Now I am a pretty nice person IRL , but you sir really piss me off.  Have you ever dealt with severe depression?  I deal with it every day of my life.  Have you ever been suicidal? I have, and only now can I look back and thank fuck that I could be helped.  And if you care to actually get your trolling arse off reddit and check out  some facts you will find plenty of creditable information on the physical aspects of severe depression. However, I doubt you will do this as it will take away precious time from writing ridiculously contrived replies to serious conversations.    Hi, its been 2 months since your post and I was wondering how you were doing?  Hope life is treating you well.   You clearly have no experience of depression. It IS at the worst  times the most unbearable pain and it does have excruciating physical effects. Imagine wanting to rip your own heart out to take away the sadness, anguish and pain. Now live with that every minute of every day.   In my experience, depression IS some crazy fucking mental illness. Try living with it for 20 years or so and see how you feel...then judge people however you want.   In the depths of despair you can truly believe that by killing yourself you are relieving the surviving family of the 'felt' horror of having to see you down, despondent and hopeless everyday. You truly believe in your heart that they will be better without you and they will be able to do more, and in fact be happier without the pressure of having to 'look after' or care for you. In deep depression you have no self worth, thoughts of suicide come along and all you can see is how much better everyone's life would be without you there.  You cannot judge a man unless you have truly walked in his shoes.   It was most certainly not spiderbro! I have a tiny spiderbro in the kitchen and have been using him to get more accustomed to arachnids. This bastard was big, mean and hairy!    I have never been brave enough to kill one before...and it was fricking huge!   Thank you kindly for that explanation! It seems a little like the job benefit system over here. If you don't have a job (choice/situation or whatever) you receive reasonably large amounts of money from the government to 'provide' a basic living allowance. A lot of people use this system to exploit loopholes to gain free childcare, tax exemption,  medical cost exemptions (dentistry and ophthalmology) and live very comfortably without working at all. My husband and I both work, but have to pay all childcare costs involved as well as medical costs and our taxes, as we do not qualify for any assistance despite the government wanting both parents working and promoting 'benefits' to encourage this. All I can say about having a second child is that it is actually a lot easier than I expected, and when they are slightly older it is lovely to have them playing together to allow me some time to do housework!  Good luck!      That's fair enough, as I said I'd fully understand health implications. Even in the UK it is highly probable that a woman will have an elective c/section after a previous c/s.  I struggle to understand the US health system and how those less advantaged are able to ensure that they have good medical advice and assistance during the antenatal and birthing period (and at other times). In the UK I have had two children, both times in hospital (inductions due to pregnancy induced medical conditions) and I couldn't imagine how we could have afforded medical care on top of the costs a baby alone brings. I hope all goes well and that your SO has a trouble free birth!   totally      OP out of interest why do you deem a Cesarian a 'regular' delivery? Obv if there are health implications I'd fully understand, but otherwise surely you'd be saving money by a standard vaginal birth? (I'm from the UK and always suprised by the tv programs showing US hospital births - there seems to be a LOT more intervention and medical assistance than I have experienced over here. Only going by what I've seen about the US on tv though so feel free to correct me!)    [unsuprisingly](http://www.google.co.uk/imgres?q=boo hl=en safe=off client=firefox-a hs=XSO sa=X rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official biw=1150 bih=665 tbm=isch prmd=imvnsb tbnid=XAhjanvqtfXwfM: imgrefurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boopics.html docid=h1-joL2B_s1msM imgurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boo4.jpg w=500 h=607 ei=GrKxTqSBIsLd8QOE0bm9AQ zoom=1 iact=hc vpx=98 vpy=164 dur=2369 hovh=247 hovw=204 tx=34 ty=268 sig=107193892808607956253 page=1 tbnh=145 tbnw=119 start=0 ndsp=20 ved=1t:429,r:0,s:)   damn cant make out the text...      I always loathed taking medications and am currently debating my current meds as they are making me disconnected rather than enabling me to cope. For myself it was accepting that this will get better but may never go away and recognizing that I have a chemical imbalance that requires medication (I don't make enough serotonin and therefore fall into deep depressive episodes). If I were diabetic and not making enough insulin I'm sure I wouldn't think twice about medicating. Is there really any difference? I struggled for a long time with the concept of anti-depressants and feeling a failure for having the depression. I would go on and off meds believing I was 'better'. Sure I would be for a while, but unless I stayed well away from anything disruptive to life or stressful it all came straight back.  I have just started another round of counseling for CBT to try and help out with the depression and anxiety issues I have. Not sure how it's going to go but willing to do the homework and listen to what they say.  I have often though about ending it all, but thankfully have managed to talk to someone in time. It is hard to stay positive and to deal with the good days and bad days (esp when there are usually more bad than good).  Keep talking, keep social if possible, tell the docs/psychs if the meds aren't working.   my baby starts school tomorrow, this post made me cry.  	74
 Its a little low on activity though.  :(   my credit is shot due to the holidays  Wait... what?!? How does that happen?   yes!!   It seems like this should exist already but basically what I'm looking for is a place for people who are already employed to discuss their daily work lives.  I guess watercooler talk, if that makes sense.   Exactly.  I'd waste even more time if I was trying to socialize.  Plus music helps me stay motivated.   These are good points and I'd add that since the OP has been a homeowner he should already have a good grasp on what to look for in a property.  Trust your experience.  Worst case you can leave in a year.   Holy crap white people are crazy!   Well, I'm trying to revamp my wardrobe piece by piece but my mind goes blank when I get to the store.  I'm thinking I'd rather go into the store with a plan because I mostly buy clothes when I need them or when I see a really good sale.  What happens is I buy something but it doesn't really fit what I already own.  I want to gradually upgrade my wardrobe.   Dangit...  Photoshop seems like too much work.    My biggest weakness is putting it all together.  I'll buy a fine piece here or there but not know what I need to layer it with.  I'm starting to just look at the models on clothing websites and try to piece together a matching outfit.  I'm wondering if there is something out there that would allow me to place virtual clothing on an avatar or mannequin for every piece of clothing along with a bevy of options.  Something like what you see in the create a player mode in video games but focused on clothing only.   TL;DR:  I want to be able to piece together entire outfits in a virtual setting.   I disagree.  It's a major pain to cancel XM radio.  They lure you with that sweet deal hoping you forget.  Then when the deal runs out they try to do it again and again.  There's no way to cancel online and you HAVE to go through their phone system and reps to cancel.  It's like trying to dump someone who hasn't faced reality.  I know XM was more than happy to offer me the discounted rate three times until I finally stood firm.     Looks fine to me.  Especially in the setting you described.   Sounds like a mob threat.   I'm a guy and I have it. It was a nickel sized patch in the back of my head when young.  I tried creams and injections and eventually just settled on a style that kept it low and faded in the back.  Now I'm 29 and it looks like its coming back at my right temple so it looks like I'm balding on one side.  It sucks because the dermatologists are no help.  I think its stress related. I wish there was a cure.    On another board I frequent someone asked "what's the point of no fap challenges?"    And someone retorted with this:   an occasional fap session is fine...  but i agree...daily? thats way too much... cats here go from one extreme to the next....  theres no middle ground... either you guys fap 10 times a day or you have to go 90 days fap-free....  moderation is the key to life...learn it.   Thoughts?  I thought he made a good point   Cure for male pattern baldness   Burp. I literally can't.  :-(    Pardon my ignorance, but what's an REO?   Yeah after looking at all the math and seeing how I might be staying here awhile I can't justify renting.  Even if it turned out to be $800 a month that's still considerably less than $1050 which I'm sure will go up when its time to renew.   Works for me!  this is great   Can I just be nice and pay you to do your job?  I'm not into bringing gifts, baked goods, and all that other stuff.   Based off of what you wrote, I'd cut him off.  As a man that dated a chick for 7 years and didn't really appreciate her until she left... Believe me when I say you have to move on.  It's tough and initially it will be painful but he seems a lot like I was.  Don't let your fantasy of a "great love story followed by a happy ending" cloud the truth that is right in front of you.   Wow.  You've given me much to think about.  I don't think i'll have to deal with that worst case scenario situation but I can't predict the future either.   I still want a townhouse but I will now expand my search to houses as well.  Since buying a snowblower and paying someone to do my lawn will be cheaper in the long run anyway.  Thanks.   HOA is $120 a month.  $435 not including taxes.   Location: Des Moines, IA. HOA fees are around $120 a month. I'm a senior engineer for a Fortune 100 company based in the midwest.  My job is as stable as it gets.  Anything else?  I'm more than willing to answer questions so I can make an informed decision.  Why do you guys hate townhouses?  I used to as well until I saw my coworker's setup and the low costs he was paying.  It makes sense for a young professional.   Here's my story.  I bought my first home about 3 years ago in GA with the First Time Homeowner's credit.  I had to move two years later and lost $20k on that home.  (Luckily I didn't have to pay the govt their $8K back)  Fast forward to now.  I've been renting a townhouse in my Iowa for about a year and a half.  My rent is $1050.  I can get similar and newer townhouse for $100K and a mortgage of $435.  The area seems stable and is actually being built up.  My questions...   1.  Is there anything I'm not considering?  I don't want to get burnt again. 2.  Will the market ever pick up again?  I foolishly bought 3 years ago thinking rates couldnt get any lower.  I want a townhouse because I don't want to deal with the maintenance of a yard in this climate.  My thought process is worst case scenario I could always rent it and my company buys the house for market value if the ask me to move.   You need to look at all the other costs as well.  Is there an HOA?  what will your property taxes be?  Maintenance? upkeep?  etc.  The difference is only $75.  That's not that drastic.   This is honestly where I'm trying to get.  I want to be able to interchance work and play clothes seamlessly.  Any tips?      Doesn't matter.  The internet sleuths will track it down in a matter of minutes and it would be publicized anyway.   I felt like I had found the cheat code to life.  To be fair, I tried to break up numerous times but my gf was in denial and wouldn't let me go.   If I'm driving and see someone trying to cut over into my lane at the last second to bypass a line of cars I'll purposely box them out.  Wait in line like the rest of us.   Woman.  Because they put so much value into their appearance anyway.   While true, I have a corporate job now.  That iron from college has to go!  If the guy has a job, he needs an iron.   TIL:  A protractor is now a necessity when eating out.   Turns out it was this:  http://www.driveaccord.net/forums/showthread.php?t=42915  The oring was letting air into my power steering pump.  Thanks for answering though.   Record collecting.  When starting out, Goodwill and thrift stores are your friend.  Also, old relatives have a wealth of vinyl they don't listen to anymore.   My 2006 Honda Accord makes a horrible whiny sound when I turn the steering wheel in cold weather.  After the car gets warm it goes away.  I've checked the power steering fluid and its fine.  What do I need to know before taking it to a mechanic?   Grown men crawling around in air ducts.   I thought I was the only one. lol   Oh I see now, you're mixed.  I didn't see the comments earlier where you mentioned it.  I was trying to visualize a dark skinned woman with fine caucasian hair and couldn't...  Even with the face blurred out you seem pretty attractive.   Black with white hair?!?!?  :mindblown:  I'm black btw.  I'm trying to picture a visual here.  A picture (with face blurred out) would do wonders.   I have a friend that's in the hospital.  I need an idea of something to bring.  I feel like flowers and balloons aren't manly at all.   This may help some of you out there.  I'm a 29 year old bachelor who makes enough money to buy whatever he wants.  But never buys what he needs.  Heres' a list of things I need that are inexpensive and would totally bring a smile to my face if I got them for Christmas.    **Iron** -  I've been using the same cheap iron I had in college.  An upgrade to a decent one around $50 would be very useful.  **Vacuum** - Same as above.  A man is unlikely to buy himself a new vacuum.  **Nice Kitchenware (pots, knives, blender, etc)** - A nice pot here or there would be great.  When I need something I always go cheap.  Someone else springing $60 for that nice pot or a set of quality knives would be great.  I recently tried to make a cheesecake without a mixer and shredded cabbage without a food processor.  The experience was terrible.  I need new kitchenware bad!  **Logitech Harmony Remote** - I keep losing my remotes.  I need to consolidate.  **AA/AAA Batteries** -  Cheap.  But who's gonna turn down batteries?!?  **Dress Socks** - I can't explain it, but I always need some.   Just some suggestions.   Nice.  I'm stealing this!   Hijack away, that would be awesome as well.   I'm new and interesting in learning more about Stoicism.  I'm a visual an audatory learner.  I will defintely read the literature at some point but I would like to know if there are other forms of media about Stoicism.   An interesting by product of this is your daughter is learning French   Even without the electronic communication if it can still focus manually it will be a good lens.  I use a NEX 3 with a prime Canon 50mm lens and its my best lens bar none.  Even with manual focus.   Settings?   	50
 One more person in your support group is a major win by my standards. And now you know you have someone at work, on site, that cares enough to help you through it while you're there. Double bonus!   Don't ever apologize for how you feel, because then you're just apologizing for being honest. I have similar issues - I work at a minimum wage job and own a condo with my wife. She makes substantially more than me, so whenever I hand over whatever I can from my check (min wage/35 hours a week), I honestly feel like I'm not pulling my own weight, and that can definitely cause my depression to rear it's ugly head. What I'm currently doing is something you may want to consider yourself - consider your job options. Put together a resume, that actually helped me, because then I got to sit there and put down all my personal strengths and attributes - right there, on paper, for me to see. While you're working at this current job, try to set aside time when you're home to do a job search for maybe an hour or so. Basically, start taking steps out of the darkness you're in - even if you don't know where you're going, anywhere is better than where you are, and you can't find a light to guide you out unless you take at least one step in a direction - honestly, if you hate your job that much, any direction will do. Just start taking steps that put you on a path with a bit more light on it.  I really hope this finds you safe and well.   I can relate. I work in customer service at a gas-station, and because of some of our policies, I deal with a lot of blatant hostility. On top of that, I've suffered depression all my life - so waking up to face the day sometimes is almost more than I can handle. I'm not afraid to admit that some days, I wake up in tears because I just -do not want to go-. What I'm doing right now for my situation is exploring other job options, while showing up to work every day and telling myself one simple thing - "I can do this. I did this yesterday and the day before, I can do it today". As for your depression, find someone you can talk to who you can trust to take you seriously, if you haven't already. But as for today, I wish you the best of luck.   Agreed - as a fan of the genre myself, that does sound very metal. And as for what deertribe said, they're right. The sheer fact that you're acknowledging your depression and that it's effecting you in such a way is a step in the right direction. The fact that you chose to sit down and express yourself instead of suicide is a leap in the right direction. You obviously have a poetic touch, and I'd like to encourage it. Keep writing, whether you share it with people or not, keep writing. It's something that's helped throughout my life, and it's at least something worth exploring.   I work in customer service, so dealing with the public every day, we're expected to always be polite, courteous, and professional. If you haven't done customer service, then I can assure you - remaining polite, courteous, and professional while someone's literally screaming at you is... difficult. But I do it, because I need the damn job (for now). But being unable to express myself the way I would like to in those situations means I have to choke it down. Some days, when I get home, I find myself in the same situation - just wanting to cry. And sometimes, I do. And sometimes, it helps. But as for the emotions and thoughts that I'm actually suppressing, I do find it helpful to find someone I can trust and talk to.   I know what that's like. My reason for not wanting to wake and face the day is work - I work at a gas-station that sees a lot of business throughout the day, and two years ago corporate decided that we would start ID'ing -everyone- for alcohol/tobacco regardless of the customers age or frequency of visits (some people come in every day). Since then, I get up, go to work and check ID's - and deal with a lot of blatant hostility. Because I'm a skinny guy with long hair, every go-to insult is about my sexuality ("Skinny little..."), even though they know nothing about me other than my name, a physical description and where I work.  There have been a lot more nights since then that I've fallen asleep hoping that I don't wake the next day, and it sucks. Like you, I don't want to commit suicide, but I wouldn't mind just slipping into the void one night.  Hang in there. Keep fighting. You're worth it. I hope this helps.   Small victories are like grains of sand - a handful may not seem like much, but with enough handfuls you can fill a sandbox. With enough sandboxes, you can make a beach.   View it like this - fighting against depression is like fighting a war. One victory isn't enough to win the entire war, but winning a battle will lead you one step closer.  And with that said - keep fighting. You're worth it.   Reaching out (like you're doing here) is a great start. I'm 31, and I've suffered from depression all my life, and like you, I've never really had the money to afford medical treatment. But what's always helped me is finding someone I can trust to listen to me and take me seriously - most of the time (for me, at least) just getting it off my chest was enough to at least spark a light to help guide me out of the darkness. Or, like shadowhermit suggested, find out if your campus has a counsellor, and talk to them. It's not a 'cure-all', but it's at least a start.  I hope this helps in some small way.   Losing family isn't easy by any standard, and it's not easy at any age. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer last month, with only 3 months between her diagnosis and the day she died. Seven years ago, I lost my uncle to lung cancer after he'd 'won' the battle 2 years prior. I lost my grandfather at 12, and I still remember to this day walking into his hospital room as he took his last breath.  I'm 31, and to this day, losing them and several friends throughout my life to automobile accidents, sickness and suicide still effects me. It's not something you ever truly 'get over', and when the wound of losing someone is fresh, there's nothing you can really 'do' for your family other then be there for them. When they talk, listen. When you have something to say, speak. As for feeling lost, I'm sorry, but that's only natural. Death is disorienting. What helped (and continues to help) me is keeping them in my memory, and continuing my own life in a way that I believe would honor their memory.  I'm sorry for your situation, and I hope this helps in some small way.  	9
 your transformation is one of the best i've seen. how long did that take?   damn that was dark and smart. i like   Love it. Thank you. this is the reason I posted. To see what other people know. For supplementation do you mean the non-natty athletes?    whoa this is super interesting. thanks for this   yoooo yeah you've told me before and you're absolutely right. i just wanted to add for the macros trend, even if you think you're eating right, remember to watch sugar intake too. no substitute for eating clean though   Swimming is great cardio. Something funny and kind of counter intuitive: the worse you are at a movement, the more calories you'll burn while doing it. So in a way, if you're bad at swimming or your technique isn't the best, it's actually better exercise because you'll be expending more energy to do your laps.   And yeah, if you have the energy/ time, more than 3x a week is even better. Go for it!   That's cool. I'm sure you're right. Thai fighters that fight on a more international level aren't going to be able to win by standing right there and trading with someone that actually moves around to avoid the shots. I think Buakaw has pretty good movement too. Don't know if its dutch kickboxing, but yeah   Hey, it's great that you're trying to make a change. What "ShitLordStu" says is right. You definitely have to start by monitoring your food intake. If you're willing to track your meals, I'd suggest starting with http://iifym.com/iifym-calculator/   it definitely helped me a lot. If you don't have access to weights or machines, it's really not a problem. Start with cardio and body weight exercises. Sprints 3 days a week, and depending on your ability, start with pushups, situps, jump squats, pistol squats, pullups (if you have a bar). You can definitely use the heavy bag for cardio if you have gloves. Bike is a great form of cardio too. 30 minute high intensity bike rides would help a lot.    As someone who suffers from this, I started to look into the topic a bit more. I know the most truthful and basic answer is calories in vs. calories out, but I've been tracking my food for a while, and still been frustrated by my lack of results. I thought there must have been something I was missing. If you're pretty lean up top but seem to be storing fat down low, it could be a hormonal imbalance.   Estrogen and testosterone are frequently deemed the "female" and "male" hormones, respectively, but both sexes have the two hormones. Males that tend to store fat on the back of the triceps, the hips, buttocks, and thighs are likely to have higher levels of estrogen.   One of the biggest causes of estrogen/testosterone imbalances is blood sugar levels. A lot of males vary in their ability to metabolize estrogen, some bodybuilders and athletes can eat up to 6 donuts a day and still look absolutely ripped. But, other males can be very sensitive to sugar, and this can be one of the leading causes of weight gain.   Hopefully I can post some progress pictures soon, but I'm definitely seeing some good results after regulating my sugar intake. I'm 23, 6'0, 175-180 lbs. I've been eating about 2200 kcal, (165C, 220P, 73F #iifym) and 60g of sugar, and it's definitely helped a lot. It was hard at first, I think there was some level of sugar dependency, but after about 2 weeks, it started to get a lot easier. For some people, every calorie may be the same, but I learned that it definitely isn't the case for me. Getting carbs from an apple vs. from a donut has very different effects on me.   Obviously I'm no endocrinologist, and I'm still pretty new to this, but I noticed that there wasn't really a thread for this topic. I'd love to hear /r/fitness thoughts and experiences on it. Here are some pretty good links I read.   http://www.ion.ac.uk/information/onarchives/autumnbiosignature-modulation-weight-loss-through-hormone-balance  http://robdaquila.com/2012/04/23/blood-sugar-imbalances-can-alter-estrogen-and-testosterone-levels/  http://functionwell.com.au/addressing-testosterone-and-estrogen/     correct me if im wrong. seems like there is significantly less use of angles in thailand muay thai. they stand and exchange directly in front of each other. other than stepping out at a 45 to throw the roundhouse   watched every game season and post season and have to say i agree. when cp lets blake lead the break, and blake picks it up early and gets to the rim, it's fine, but yeah. when he tries to dribble past the defenders.. no good   lol this was a sad fight. looked like a mismatch right away    college roommate. "bonerface"   i was at the game last night. AUSTIN RIVERS C L A P C L A P CLAPCLAPCLAP   "he's the best player in the playoffs" "chicken fried steak"  BLAKE SHOW   blake is on another level...  	16
 I, for some reason, lack the ability to walk like a normal human being without randomly losing balance or running into something. I have only gotten moderately injured twice because of this. first time, I was walking around my apartment and I guess I miscalculated a turn, ran into a wall, and broke three toes. the second time was when I was doing a graded mile run in my phys. ed. class and my friends and I decided to start skipping the last 1/4 of the mile. I completely tore my calf muscle and had to get surgery to fix it. all the other times are just me running into things or tripping over air, which only ends up in embarrassment and possibly a few scrapes   "I find it kinda funny, I find it kinda sad, that the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had"   song: Mad World by Gary Jules   I self harmed for about 6 years before i finally got help. I have struggled with depression and anxiety for a while and cutting was my release. it hurt a little but that pain distracted me from the pain i was going through psychologically. so in a way, it was my version of a painkiller. however people self harm for different reasons such as a distraction, a form of punishment, or sometimes even because the sight of blood is calming to them.   I'd love to know what goes through my cats mind whenever she hops into an empty box. she makes it seem like it's a portal to another world.   	4
 GOTV, bitch.   Yeah, there's no way that could represent depth from a 3D game piece.   If you don't know what a ZJ is, you can't afford it.   Don't raise your kids on Scientology.   It makes for broken people.   Not too clear on possessive/expressive are we?   FUCKYUFUCKYOUFUCKYOUFUCKYOUFUCKYOU   http://i.imgur.com/V1rVsNL.gifv   Whole new meaning to "With bells on."   This guy walks in, sits down at the end of the bar and orders a stiff drink.   Bartender comes back a little bit later and since its a pretty slow night, he decides to chit-chat with the customer. After a little bit the bartender asks the man what he does for a living.   Customer says, "I'm a Center for the Dallas Cowboys."  Bartender replies, "Man, it must be really tough having to do that."  "Its not too bad. I enjoy it"   "No, I meant being openly gay in Texas."   No, I sleep on my stomach/side.   And I really hate normal people sized things.   It's just cool enough for me to want to be completely under a cover, but no, it's feet or shoulders, you don't get both. Oh and if I manage to crumple myself into a small enough ball, my feet still hang over the edge above the ankles.   I wish I could just bring my futon mattress up here.   So... When does your centerfold come out?      Fuckin' Timber Creek man.    Fuckin' chavs.   Anything by Nickelback.   It just teaches kids that you shouldn't even strive for mediocrity.   http://i.imgur.com/yMUE5Yt.jpg  I'm guessing here though.   Looks like Juelz Ventura without tats.    I feel like everyone is kinda small sized, but I don't think I'm that tall.    Other than car issues, work, shit like that, there is no reason a single, childless adult should ever be late.    Is Corgi plural for Corgi?   And when we find a way to better deal with the radioactive materials we can handle it then. People act like technology doesn't advance.    Its OK, hun. Don't you worry your pretty little head with big thoughts like this.   Holy crap.   It's about detail, like how 8-bit graphics on a standard definition screen isn't the same as super fucking high def.   Jesus. Can has reading comprehension?   Yes, you can see a defined version of east and west, but what they're saying is that the dots aren't an accurate visual representation of where these people live.    Better than a glass of scotch.   I just realized, if I hadn't read the title of this post, I would have no idea what this ridiculously in-depth article was about.   Clearly, I'm retarded. I had no idea that looking desperate was a bad way to go. /s  Getting laid would be awesome, but not a daily concern. Thanks.   Spiced (Yellow) rice: Check  Chicken: Check  Shellfish: Check  In a pot cooked together: Check  Fuck off it's a family version: Check   Am I the only one here who has to be mentally attracted to someone before I can keep it up?   If you're a bitch, you're a bitch and no amount of hot can make up for that.   "For a few hours."  If someone you know is depressed, encourage them to see a doctor. Obviously being active does help, but seeing a doctor should always be the number 1 priority.   Seriously, I just want a lay and this chick is willingly taking a facial?   I can see how that is confusing.   A little, give or take ~500 miles.   Thank you for ruining the joke ***DAD.***   Thought sacred path was +1 faith.   Flip her over the bar/ face down on the bed.   Would much rather her looking at the camera too.   Yeah, because reddit detectives are the best.   What about Sacred Path?      Fucking CIS-scum.      I was really hoping it said Lukewarmers because this..   http://i.imgur.com/HYcrPRF.jpg   He knew.   Didn't someone post a different, also not funny, BK poster in /r/funny like a month ago?  Either you are really high and need to go back to /r/trees or you're trying to make money with posts on reddit so /r/HailCorporate  **Piss off.**   There's even a dude taking a leak.   Annnnnd that's the game.   4th down on your own 29?   You mean something like this?   http://gifsound.com/?gif=i.imgur.com/0Jek75T.jpgv=fZ4ssRAcYTw  EDIT: Really wish that had "Why do we fall Bruce?" at the end.   1-2-3 Move those chains, move those chains, move those chains.   **UHN.**   Foles butter start holding onto that football.   "a bit unfairly bad to the new owners"   The new owners did a shady deal with the property owner to force the old owner out with no chance of being offered a new lease.   12ish.   A little bit of rain doesn't do this.   You aren't going to like this but, you're wrong. And yes, I would know because I work there.   http://i.imgur.com/Y9CLhP5.jpg   Pic of the backroom.       Probably choking herself on a dick.    Sometimes I wonder how much of my life I spend on trying not to seem racist or sexist (while being neither), and what I could be doing with that time instead.  Have a wonderful rest of your day not thinking about that one.    I was thinking Batteries would be a Florida thing, but I remembered old people just steal them.   I think this was an attempt at a joke.   "Mommy, what's a condom?"  "Its a toy people use when they are older. I'll tell you more about it when you are ready."  **You're overthinking this.**   Associating Cuomo in the title suggests there is some scheme to undermine the other candidate, who I might add is not named in the title.   All you end up with is Cuomo being involved in the arrest of challenger to his office.   Invoking Cuomo's name is editorializing the title.   Home is where the Murder Den is.   https://twitter.com/BrookeBaby_xox0/status/499586151645450240  Well at least she knows what she's good for.   http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-DqiboKZtLQ8/Uvf4y76ZHiI/AAAAAAAACbM/xyx-73bNj8o/s1600/movie_pic_001_013_aubrey_plaza_scott_pilgrim.png   wut?   I smoke, but hate the smell while I'm eating.      There have been 3 serious incidents at nuclear plants.   Out of decades of use, in hundreds of plants around the globe.   You are twice as likely to be killed by hot water than a nuclear meltdown in the UK.   http://i.imgur.com/Law1brg.jpg  You don't know what you're missing.   I'm 6'5" with a big black beard plus RBF and the width of a small town.   I really appreciate it when a lady figures I'm actually a giant teddy bear.   So no objective purpose = no purpose?   Yeah.   The Beacham was offered the location, they accepted. Beacham ownership didn't have anything to do with the decision to not renew the lease, but didn't think twice about taking the space.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect   I couldn't possibly comment on that being a completely accurate statement.   Hey, I work there, here's what I know, the weekly article that's up is pretty full as well.   The Landlord isn't renewing the lease.   Last day is probably August 30th or 31st.   This is about all 3 spaces as they are owned by the same company, BarBQBar, Eye Spy, and Sky Sixty.  **Fuck it, let's get fucked up.**   Cardio =\= leg day.   Carpe Diem.   *COUGH*karmawhore*COUGH*   Sorry, I seem to be allergic to bullshit.   With tits.   You mean the "Fuck yeah new car on someone else day at work?"   True DP or that 9th grade Eiffel Tower bullshit?   "About anybody", everyone except /u/jkookie15            I know its a bit out of context for a lot of us, however I've been mostly free for a bit now, though I feel lie I'm starting to fall into depression again. (Bi-polar II / manic depressive since I was a kid.)   Back story; Met a lovely lady a year (around abouts) ago at a mutual friend's birthday party. Nice woman, perhaps a bit drunk, talked a while, facebook friends later.   Get to talking, she's pretty cool, works in graphic design, responds positively to advances, sexual exchanges including suggestive photographs even though she's in a relationship (I knew) plus she's 13 years older (I'm mature, she's immature).   We continue talking, life, love, sex all that, advances that she reciprocates to the extent of still being with someone. (Nothing ever happened though it very well could have. Yes, I know. Cheats with you, cheats on you.)  Around her birthday, her BF dumps her, kicks her out, for reasons that she either didn't tell me or he never told her. After a while she agrees to go to lunch with me and then the next week come over and let me make her dinner and watch a movie with drinks.   Week later, she has to skip dinner because she said she found out he cheated on her and was feeling sick as a result, then tells me later that week she has started seeing someone and that she is confused why I would be upset about this as she told me she couldn't date someone who worked at a bar or who was younger.   I didn't take this as she thought I would, and that she thought she made that clear before. Back and forth for a few weeks, things said in anger and with inhibition on both sides.   Anyway, I get past that, ask her how its going, blah blah blah, ask her about her drinking.   She says she stopped a few weeks ago. (lightbulb) I say good that she stopped drinking so much as it elt like half the times I talked to her she had been.   And of course, it appears she was.   Fucking of course, clearly no one could be interested in me unless they were drunk half the time. I don't even know why I try.   This is more of a rant about the slide of someone with the history of depression than the life of, But, IDFC shit happens.      Kid: I don't know, what color are the firetrucks in Miami?  Dad: I don't know, it's Your-ami.   but if they did, they might still be married.   I was diagnosed when I was 11. Every step I have taken since has tightened the noose around my neck. High School was easy, living with the possibility of escape in alcohol is difficult. I'm 27. I work as a bouncer in a club. I might be good at it, but the discount on drinks is worth even more. I work 3 nights a week, and the nights I'm off, I spend $40-80 on cheap whiskey.   Ever wonder what life is like when you have barriers no one will break?  I like to call it The Slide. You know its happening, you know why, but there isn't a damn thing you can do about it.  Do you know what its like to ask for help and the only response you get is silence? Ever wonder what life is like when you ask yourself if you have to kill someone to fucking notice?   I don't want to die, but what reason do I have to live?               For artists in design, web and general media.  Something the size of a pen that could detect what color something is. You'd put it up to the color you want to 'collect' and you could store like 500 or so colors. Then you could hook it up to a computer and you would see all the different colors you caught and the hex code and the Pantone or other companies info on the color.   There would be different levels of product- RGB or CMYK; 50, 100, 250, 500, 1000 captures; how nice the pen looks (like a nice fountain pen); bluetooth connectivity to your tablet or phone so you can check the color if you'd like.            I've been working on a campaign for a local candidate and I needed to find a way to describe him in a tagline. So I was thinking about it all day Friday and off and on the week prior, and just chilled all weekend. So this morning, I woke up had some breakfast, went outside for my coffee and a smoke and as I'm finishing both, BOOM.   It's perfect. Simple, progressive, clear, and wraps him in a neat little envelope.   FUCK YEAH.            Its all fun and games until someone loses a rib.     	107
 Like sliggoo? Common guys it's not fat green and purple it's majestic as fuck with blue and white. Dratini likeness overload.  	1
 I did. I was always an incredibly morose, aloof child and was diagnosed with depression and on meds since I was 10. I'm 25 now and it really makes me sad to think that I've been this way most of my life... Even before actual diagnosis. I feel you on that. It makes it hard sometimes to imagine a truly happy life when I've been sad for most of mine and that really hurts to think about. I envy people a lot of the time who can at least look back on the happy years of their lives, but I guess I just hold into the idea that I've had to be a stronger person because of it, even though I feel weak so much of the time. A specific memory I have is of being a little girl and getting out if having to go to birthday parties. I would get invited because they invited the whole class, but I never felt welcome or like I would be able to have fun. I used to sleep with bags of ice on my chest hoping I would get a cold. If that didn't work, I'd drink a bunch of hot water and blow my face with a hot hair dryer to convince my mom I had a fever so I wouldn't have to go. Being a depressed child really is strange.   High fiving or one chain link fence from a mauling??  	2
 How did you get out? also, congratulations on getting out    need not find a cure for everything that makes you weak- city and colour   stressed as shit.    hahaa i didnt yet...i tried once but im taking this message as a sign to try again   i did, and im obsessed. you have good taste :)    i almost screamed aloud in english class..   Educational background?  Awesome stories, btw   i am so jealous    Get any tattoos recently?    How do I stop mourning the end of Weeds? /help    Michael Cera    tampons   second this but with Stick Around   "theres no points in heaven for suffering"   it blew my mind at the time   I want to go back into counseling. I am miserable right now: not enjoying anything, over compulsive eating, not wanting to take my meds etc. but I'm on my parents insurance and I feel so guilty for burning through it if I go back to counseling. What if something bad happens (god forbid) but the insurance is all burnt out because of me?    i hear ya    no problem!! seeing Transit's acoustic show next week cant wait   State Champs and Transit   http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/nmmjr/iama_man_who_had_a_sexual_relationship_with_his   funeralformyfat.tumblr.com    medication, and depression recovery blogs (shut up, most are cheesy but there are some good ones out there)    i would do very illegal things for a Midtown reunion. very illegal.    we both worked in a bagel shop, he told me to take out the trash and in the back was Prom? spelled out in bagels...it worked   Being in the army. After meeting some Israeli soliders, being in the IDF seems so badass but i know i wouldnt be able to handle actually being in boot camp    I totally get you about the gym thing. Same boat. I think some confidence would look great on you, like the almost smile in the second picture. Keep your head up!   this shit is good.    THAT ALL GRAD SCHOOL IN AMERICA WAS FREE. kk    your bone structure makes me swoooon. keep doing what you're doing   that's precious.   I just want to say im sorry this happened to you, and it seems like you have a positive outlook about it. hope you're doing well!   	30
 I've searched for answers, nothing really straightforward.   WHAT DO YOU THINK   Exactly. If you've set a boundary verbally multiple times, and this isn't something that she's willing to respect, it's probably going to be a more serious conversation. My boyfriend gets these spots, and I ask if I can get them, when he says no, he's made it clear it's NO. He usually doesn't mind, but sometimes he's just not in the mood.  Point is, if she can't respect this boundary, what about others?   Thank you! All awesome.    I've asked for en explanation before...but I Figure I'd get a more straightforward answer here.   That's interesting, thank you!    So how would they proceed to reach an agreement on the outcome of the case?    I've waited until the strip was completely dry, but sometimes the way I put it on my nose made it become wrinkled in the process, and so I'd have Parts of the strip with blackheads and others without. Not helpful, but if anyone has a better way to apply it let me know!    I had a pouch like that before i got Clean. How fucking nostalgic.    Vocé e brasilerio? (:   Swollen lymph node?   I'm from Brazil, and I'm pretty sure this is bullshit.   ......this is Burbank, isn't it?   This is really Upsetting.   I love you   Perfect.   Depends on the person,like myself for example. I love animals, I was raised in a family that loved animals, so it's  also learned behavior, as well as personality. There are different things that mold our personalities, and different things that make us happy, aka trigger our 'pleasure centers.' As humans, we enjoy company, and most of us are instinctually very nurturing. And animals give us unconditional love, no judgement.  it's a pretty awesome process out minds go through. (Majoring in psychology, almost done with my B.A.!)  	17
 No Goblin Techies though :(   To preface this, I have no problem with foreigners queuing for US servers if they can speak English. But if you can't speak English, you shouldn't be allowed to queue for US servers. Because once again I'm playing ranked captain's draft tonight and all but one of my teammates speaks English, and guess which one immediately steals captain? Yep. And then proceeds to pick a team that none of us want, and go 0-20 intentionally feeding the entire time while buying couriers and sending them into the enemy.   Something needs to be done. Reporting doesn't do anything permanent, they'll be back in ranked doing it again in 5 games. An idea I saw in some other thread was a kind of flag where if a person is queuing for US servers but can't speak English, you get enough people to flag them and they can't queue for US servers any more. I fully support this idea. In a team-based game such as DOTA you really do need all 5 people being able to communicate and work together. I've met more than my fair share of Russians, Hispanics, Germans, etc. who come to US servers simply to troll and ruin games for us. And if people try to flag English speakers, whether they're trolling or butthurt or for whatever reason, I'm sure it wouldn't be hard to ask a few basic English questions to prove you can read/speak/write it.  What if reddit designed some sort of petition and submitted it to Valve? Or something. We talk all day about wanting something done, would it be possible to actually get the ball rolling here and try to get this fixed? This isn't just another circle jerk complaint thread, but if anyone is actually interested in coming up with a solution and trying to get it implemented I'm fully for it and will support in any way I can.        Randomly three hours ago I went from being able to play fine to having a good two second lag in everything in the entire game. I usually queue for US East/West servers, but even tried a Europe East/West one and it was the exact same. Nothing changed on my computer, and nobody else is using my internet.  Anyone else experiencing horrid lag tonight?   [Happened when I was eight or so. My father watched it all happen and I think he fell over laughing. It still cracks him up to this day.](/spoiler)   Also if anyone has links to articles explaining what's going on over there like I'm five, that would be much appreciated. I've tried to read some things but honestly it just confuses me.   Ladies only please - christhegecko   Just found this subreddit and was curious as to what the world thinks of meh.   * Selfie: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#0  * Face selfie: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#1  * Shirtless: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#2  * This is probably the best recent higher quality picture I have of myself, from a few weeks ago before I got my eyebrow pierced: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#3   I'm considering a career in Audio Engineering to help my electronic music production passion and was wondering if there were any on here that would be able to give me a quick run down on what you actually do and can do with the information and degree earned from a major in Audio Engineering.   I don't know if this is related, but if I want to work with speakers and setting up audio/visual music and light shows and etc., what would that be?   Thanks guys.                              A couple friends and I were thinking about starting a business down the road, and one of the things I was thinking I could help out with was marketing for it, but really have no idea what it's like.   What are the kinds of classes that go along with that major?  What kind of job work would I be doing in the future? If this would vary from company to company, is there any kind of guideline or across the board generalization of it?  Is the job market good for people with this degree? As in is someone with this degree a sought after person for companies and businesses?  If our idea falls through, is this degree something I'll be able to fall back on in the future?   These questions may be kind of vague, and I apologize if they are, but any help at all is much appreciated :)         Basically I'm wondering how you get started doing art like this: http://i.imgur.com/syuRD.jpg or http://www.weepeeple.com/images/i-sleep-only.jpg or http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/94/Www_y23_com--fractal----Lg_Z010121Z.jpg.  What programs do you need, any beginners guides, etc. Any and all help is appreciated :)                  [Blue Oyster Cult - I'm Burnin' For You](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTvbXMRMnHo)  [Fine Cut Bodies - Beaver Blink (Ooah remix)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGyJbMCfjRU)  [Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iU2-r_0CtIo)  [DJ Q - Sound of Violence(2 step)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJnCBJ9WUSc)  [Blink-182 - Up All Night](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRB4pykTjGg)                  I'm not going for the mega millions or anything like that, mostly what I'm interested in is playing scratch offs to win a couple hundred or thousand dollars. I was thinking about just buying a few cards a week, probably the $1 or $2 cards, but I have no idea which cards give the highest chance of winning or if there is a specific strategy or anything. I did some googling but it all was really confusing.   If anyone has any tips or tricks that they could share it would be greatly appreciated! Thanks in advance.      Me and some friends are debating on whether or not to drive to Chicago this weekend for Skream and Benga, and I was wondering what their shows have been like recently? I remember a video from not too long ago of people complaining they were starting to play "brostep" at their shows and was curious if it would be worth it still. Are they playing tunes from their early days where each set was an absolute banger or are they playing mostly their new stuff which I personally am not too big a fan of? Thanks in advance.  edit: [This](http://www.clubtix.com/images/event/full/1601_image_1.jpg) is the event page and line-up for the night, we're all mostly going for Feed Me but wanted to know if Skream and Benga would be worth the trip too.          It starts at around 1 hour 5 minutes in, right before the scene where they tie up their neighbor and make off with the van with the traffic warden inside.  It sounds like a bass guitar riff, but I'm wondering if it's just that or if its a part of a greater song? Any help is greatly appreciated.      Chest hair, leg hair, back hair...is it a turn-off? Or maybe a turn-on? Do you find it attractive or unattractive?          http://imgur.com/a/VDFaq  It's clear at the moment, but the more you smoke it it will turn blue. In case you can't tell, the thing on top is a gecko.       Couple sample songs I found that describe perfectly what I'm looking for:  [Ed Solo   Deekline - Ghost Town](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHh3_AaRALw) and [Ed Solo   Deekline - Ragga Tip (Walk And Skank)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9ntK6618Qs)  Thank you in advance!        Or were some of them legitimate websites? Wondering because I noticed they were all gone and I have hopefully saved up enough money for a nice new bong but none of the helpful links are there ):   Or does anyone know a website that would be good for ordering various smoking devices? Thanks in advance!            Basically it was Friday, their last day of school before winter break. She's 16 and she left after 2nd bell to go to a friend's house and get drunk. She was expecting to be back to school in time to catch the bus, but ended up getting really sick and got into an argument with her mom about not being home, resulting in her mom telling her NOT to come home, and that she doesn't want to "see her face again". So she stayed overnight at this friend's house, and went to another friend's house the next day to stay. Her parents are divorced, and apparently right now she is en route to her dad's while her mom is talking to the police about "pressing charges" for truancy and being a runaway.  What I'm wondering is, what are the possible outcomes? If you're a runaway, I believe the police just take you back home right? If you're a truant, if all they do is hear about it, and don't catch you in the act, I'm assuming the only thing they will do is tell the school and let the school handle it, correct? And her mom currently doesn't know she was out drinking, but apparently an ex-boyfriend who heard about all this is spilling the beans to her mom and may tell her, so if the police find out about underage drinking what would result of that? And is the friend she drank with and stayed with, who is about to turn 18, in any danger of punishment?   Any help is very appreciated.                           I've sort of been having a problem with my new girlfriend. We've had sex a few times now, and a couple times I'm able to go for 15-20 minutes, but then others I blow within 2 or 3. Is this normal? People always try to brag like they've gone for hours on end, but I feel like that isn't the truth and its a subject most of us don't want to face.                     Mine would be the yell Eminem does in "Just Lose It", for the lols.   Mt. Washington here :)   Mine personally was through rage comics and hearing about f7u12.             Here is the link: http://www.whitehouse.gov/ondcp/marijuana  Some things I would like to point out to potential readers:   "In 2009, marijuana was involved in 376,000 emergency department visits nationwide." Check the link, our own government doesn't even know how to properly site sources. The link doesn't even mention the word Marijuana anywhere in it. "Drug related" does not mean strictly marijuana.   "And the science, though still evolving in terms of long-term consequences of marijuana use, is clear: marijuana use is associated with addiction, respiratory and mental illness, poor motor performance, and cognitive impairment, among other negative effects." Their source on this one is valid. However http://www.erowid.org/plants/cannabis/cannabis_myth9.shtml has legitimate research stating otherwise. An interesting thing I've noticed: the government always quotes "science" or "scientists". They have their funded websites saying everything the drug does to you and how it works and how bad it is. But in textbooks and every pro-marijuana website out there, actual college studies and experiments are sited. Ones that result in favor of the pro-marijuana side. Just thought that was funny, that even though the "science" favors one side, actual real-life tests with real-life humans prove otherwise. I encourage you to read the other 13 myths they bust. They site every study and source too.   "Furthermore, the Administration opposes drug legalization.  Legalization threatens public health by increasing availability of drugs and undermining prevention activities." Alcohol is legal. Nicotine is legal. Nicotine is a drug. Alcohol is a drug. It is possible to overdose on alcohol, and it happens every day, and impossible to overdose on marijuana. Millions of people die each year from these two drugs that are perfectly legal to consume if you are of age. I'm not saying there are no marijuana related deaths, but if the government tries to say they oppose drug legalization, they can not turn a blind eye to the things that kill Americans every day. Potentially fatal drugs are even prescribed to people; drugs like Vicodin, Percocet or Morphine.   Does anyone else see this as an outrage or is it just me? The government and anti-drug agencies endorse half-truths and force opinions based on pure bullshit or skewed facts.   Maybe this is just a rant from a sad ent, but I would love to see the day when people told the facts. Even if it meant their position was compromised. The fact that it was only a click or two away from our petition is what really frazzled me.   I will support the petition wholly, and I hope all you fellow ents will do the same. Marijuana will be legal, or at least decriminalized, some day. I'm awaiting it eagerly :)  TL;DR: Mad ent rants about government's stance on marijuana.         Something along these lines: At a set time during the day, but not too often to make it annoying, have the image of a small bug slowly walk across the screen and see how many people you can trick into thinking its a real bug.  Not the coolest idea ever, I know, but maybe we can have some fun with this topic for potential April Fool's Day gags?                            Treestrees is saying shop closed, is there anywhere else anyone knows of?                                                            First I'm all like [this](http://imgur.com/yXTjw). Then I turn on the music and I'm all like [this](http://imgur.com/cWHKq).                              At least we're not Cleveland.      	117
 emm I'll have a look :) please post here to get the community going :) thanks for the interest, I'll look for the seeds now. PC/XBLA?   Whoever said that looks like a penis has a pretty fucked up pair of balls   Hey r/minecraft,  I recently made a new sub for players and fans of Survival Island. There you can post seeds/stories/links and posts related to the Survival Island style of playing Minecraft. You can also post sets of Goals/Objectives to be completed in game.  It's only a new sub, So it will need admins/moderators, but most of all it needs a community, There isn't much on it now, but hopefully we can kick it off soon, So any Survival Island fans on r/Minecraft, Let's get this community off the ground 3  www.reddit.com/r/survivalisland   awesome!   1. Build a minecart rail 2. Craft TNT 3. Construct a watch tower at least 15 blocks high 4. Get Diamonds. 5. Build a fireplace using netherrack and brick. (stone/clay) 5. Create a full set of iron armor. 6. Build a tree house :D 7. Start a farm, 6 plants minimum. 8. Craft Red wool, Blue wool and Orange Wool 9. Enchant a chestplate  10. Build a harbour  Feel free to play on hardcore ;) best of luck!! :)   NnnnnnnnnDEEEERP ....Nnnnnnnnn....DEEEERP   It's the 666 retweets             So uh...I see your "report" succeeded... :)   whatever, It's only a post :)   haha how?            This has more than likely been brought up before, but I would really like to see different colored beds in the the game, Eg. The normal bed recipe with green wool = bed with green sheets. They recently did something similar, different color planks of wood. I think it would be a nice feature in the game.    atheist bro-fist      Fair point, and I fully respect your opinion, but I mean 2 million is a huge number of subs, surely they're doing something right   You sir, are a genius! That's exactly where he took it. down by the Blackwater diving thing. He won a few awards for it, my favourite of his               Life complete +1      Oh, thank you :)   Blatantly a fan of melons?   Emmm Im not sure but if it comes down to it, melons,cactuses and leaf blocks will look well from a distance :)   Its a button   Nice build   Dat ass   For when digging clay and other multiple drop items   Spuds   Notice how the girl on the right's bicep doesnt change for 18 years    This is like the Minecraft version of Nothing To Declare   AAAAAAAAAAWHHHHH                Ah so you don't know of r/birdswitharms? Allow me to play you the song of my people   Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a new NA NA NA      That my friend is a Borg Starship   Sigh, another war caused by religion    I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work   I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work   Either John Smith or Dokucraft :)      So he eat his face?   This is horrible      To Isengard!   Uncalled for   Why would I want to humiliate myself   Dude it's not me      I didn't see anything wrong with it...      that's what she said   Valentino!   That is a bitch ass amount of redstone   or a typical fly mod       Yeah that would be good if, especially if night is falling and you can't find a village   Yeah, I think this one is around 1.3/1.4 which is more than a year ago   That sounds really really cool Hahaha :)   :) Thank you, it's the right thing to do for something of so much effort and time    that's a brilliant strategy :) I will try that myself :)   No problem :)   Ah but the bed is featured, indicating that this relativity map is of at least Beta 1.3   Night is on its way, but do you dig down and sleep off the night in a dingy 3x3 dirt hole, or do you dash to a village and sleep safe inside the warm walls of a house?   Buuuuuurn   Precisely ;)   Haha I didn't make it, I found the image a long while ago and decided to share it, credit to the original creator, must have taken him ages   Yep, sheep can naturally spawn in pink, very rare, but yep, they can   This is only a prototype after all, Perhaps in the future there will be an improved and updated version :)   Yes, unfortunately :'(   I fucking love you guys hahahaha   I agree   Hmmm, I can't remember the original source as I've had this image for about a month, But I would recommend a Google Image search for 'minecraft relativity diagram'. I will have a look around for you and link one to you if I find a bigger version ::)   Knew you guys would love it ;)   Yeah, imagine all the cut and paste and stuff, credit to the guy      Cause y'know, everybody drives boats   Precisely   Fuck         Dude the one on the far right is mine :p      Hahaha TAKE ALL THE PUPPIES!            Ahhh if only we actually had girlfriends...         TO THE KRANKENWAGEN!        	103
 Basically, you turned Bruce Wayne into Adam West, minus the plot devices   I meant for the purpose of this thread, but I didn't see anything along the lines of overused characters in my flair list, but since other threads like to love on a character for a day or two, my thread will be just fine   I figured Ditto would transform Into the first thing it sees with Imposter,  so in theory, couldn't it transform into someone else?    I'm only asking because the anime never seemed to give a conclusive answer for ss2 winning,  imo. The Manga might have expanded on it better. Also, I tried to put the time limit on for fairness, but apparently I created a Lolstomp   This whole thread just became "can God create a rock so heavy that even he cannot lift it?"   r/whowouldcirclejerk   What if he doesn't see MMH first? Who would Ditto likely see in that case instead?   Yes, this has probably been done before, so if there are previous threads discussing my idea, by all means, link me to them.  My thought is that Goku would only have about half an hour or so on Earth in SS3 and he can't hold the form for too long. Would he be able to defeat Majin Vegeta in such a short time span (something like 7 or 8 minutes) using SS3,  given their fighting styles and knowledge of each other? Defeat here meaning incap, since Goku wouldn't kill Vegeta at this point in DBZ.  If Goku cannot defeat Vegeta in that short time span, then allow Goku the full hour or however long he would be allowed on Earth in SS3 for the fight.  If it is a total stomp, well, I can't think of a good thing that would help Vegeta that is also in the DB universe at the moment.  Edit: how do I add a flair or whatever for frequently used characters,  because I know these two see a lot of time on this thread (not necessarily against each other though)   HULK STOMP!!   I was going to post some complaints from my employer here, but compared to everyone else, mine is actually wonderful. We make everything from scratch, and people can even watch us make our products. My only complaint is that we are understaffed for the amount of business we see.  Context: I work in a pretzel shop (Ben's) in North-Central Indiana.   Alucard. One of the few stomp cards I dislike playing, for the most part.  He stomps rounds 1-5 easy enough, because if you kill him, he just comes right back.  No wait, include round 6...He shoots Jake and eats Finn. Round 7- The Lich: I give this to Alucard 7/10, depending on whether he unlocks control level 0, or he stays at control level 1.  For those who don't know: level 0 us basically where he unleashes the army comprised of everyone he has ever killed/consumed.   r/whowouldcirclejerk would probably say Batman, given enough prep time   Round 2: Dudley loses an ear.   What kind of style does Dudley have? I know Balrog was modified and based on Mike Tyson, so there is that   Ash Ketchum hasn't accomplished anything be wanted to do that he said he would do when he left Pallet Town. And he would likely be good leaning, but not be that efficient because nothing he ever does seems to make the villains of his world really go away   Any of the last three characters I selected in Marvel vs Capcom 3, so Deadpool, Wolverine, or Virgil   Definitely Pol Pit here   Thanks for that!   This sounds like a bakery I heard about in California, where they specifically employ felons and former gang members. I can't think of the name of said bakery right now though.    Did someone say gold?   I'm asking because I was wondering if I was the only fraternity member (Phi Kappa Tau) who noticed that members of his chapter talk about topics that seem off from the fraternity stereotype. The main things I've noticed are that I can get away with talking about anime when I want, and there is a huge circle jerk for Doctor Who (gotta spell out that Doctor part though).      I want to gild you, but I can't.   From what I understand, Deadpool is basically immortal. He may not be able to defeat everyone in 6 hours,  but, given the style of his comics, he would break 4th wall before being erased, and the audience wouldn't let him be erased.  Also, I wouldn't take me seriously the moment I start mentioning Deadpool without good explanations.    If it turns out to be Captain America, grab an enemy of the Avengers (probably Ultron) the end.   If it isn't Captain America, then my appeal is going out to Goku, because he always seems to give the benefit of the doubt and second chances out the ass, so what would be the odds of him ignoring me at this point in time, as a citizen who needs help turning over a corrupt system?  Also, I'd play reverse psychology on any villain I could. It is underhanded, but hey, we can't all be the saints of tomorrow.   Deadpool because Deadpool. Haters gonna hate   South Park Mickey Mouse stomps! Seriously,  he would view Capone as someone who is in the way of him making money, so he would dispose of him like the rest of the Disney could stars. 10/10   Johnson does at least 45 minutes- an hour of cardio several days each week, so that isn't too big of an issue. The issue for me is that a 3v1 turns into a stomp for the 3 in this situation. How about Johnson runs a gauntlet against them in order, and he is allowed an hour's rest in between each fight?  Edits: I changed "bug" to "big"   1. Batman can learn the situation and everything a lot easier than Barney so yeah...Batman wins round 1.  2. Barney would obviously be funnier, given his track record when it comes to dealing with criminals and whatnot.  3. How fucked is Gotham? Very. There is no way Fife can deal with any level of criminal if he isn't hardly able to deal with the people of Mayberry doing little things here and there. He would be a comedy character in a not so comedic world.  4. There would be no crime in Mayberry because Batman would either have everyone locked up, or he would have struck fear into their hearts. For a recall election,  that would likely never happen seeing how the master detective can deduce the situation (see #1) easily enough to win the affection of Mayberry and its citizens.    Includes cat. Gets karma...   Definitely weed on the left side.    So, Cap would still have all of his combat training and muscular structure,  but he wouldn't have the shield,  correct?   Definitely Saitama going God status time!!   Do you count the super serum (iirc) as a power? I mean, it is technically a chemical he is exposed to, but it's kinda blurry for me on whether the serum counts as a power   This is likely true for me as well, since he is more than many levels smarter than most people my age (20) at 14   Time traveler kills Batman before he is born. Time traveler kills his parents. Time traveler kills infant batman. Time traveler kills 10 year batman. Time traveler kills 14 year old batman.   Point is, this needs more specific details. Because time traveler goes back In time and kills batman before he becomes a threat to anything.   Pokédex entries are not used as valid sourcing from what I understamd. There just isn't a system of logic and consistency amongst all 719 entries presented.   Best I'll give you is Ghost Rider   Hey the used ones are much cheaper. -thinks about it for a minute- Hahah....haha...ewww   I have two answers for this.  Keeping in the same universe, I wanted to see the actual conclusion to the Majin Vegeta/SS2 Goku, not the plot device involving Majin Buu.  From different universes, I want to see Korra (after connecting to the spirits of past Avatars) fight someone like Picollo (post-Nail, pre-Kami for balance purposes)  Yes, I am going to be the guy who likes DBZ hypotheticals, but realizes that there are more characters in the series than Goku.      Up-up-down-down-left-right-left-right-B-A-start  At least you'll have 30 lives to figure it all out.  Edit:added an accidental left on first type   Do any of the Furian (sp?) Powers from the Riddick universe break physics? I honestly don't remember too much of it not being able to have some kind of semi plausible explanation   Bender would get too lazy to fight,  more than likely. Remember that he isn't motivated go do much of anything,  unless it is for him.   The Joker could probably use Bender's alcohol dependency to lure him into some kind of trap related to vaporizing Bender or making robots obsolete.   Overall, I would say Bender at 7.5/10 because he would recognize when he is being conned, and he is also a frickin robot, so he would likely use any of the million or so things he's pulled out of his body/ass to kill the Joker.  Thought: in the episode of Futurama where the electromagnetic cosmic abnormality opens, Bender literally shits bricks as an act of fear. So he could be scared, shit bricks, and then kill Joker with those.   Crime: They'd probably rob a super sized bank, and then Joker would burn the money because he is fuckin insane.   Question: is Superman Prime allowed? Because if so, throw everything out of the window, Prime will just rewrite the entire scenario to make himself because he is a dick slinging Superman like that   Probably Atom Ant. He would likely become molecularly unstable (my guess) due to the sheer size increase, and he also would not be able to avoid detection in any situation that his ant size is considered favorable. While he would still retain his super speed, flight, and super strength, he would lose that stealth factor that I mentioned earlier in this post.  Tl; Dr: Atom Ant doesn't get to be sneaky   I see the Neo Tri - Beam being brought up as Tien's only hope, but the problem with that would be that more than likely, Frieza would survive, if even a little, and recover before Tien would be able to defend himself again due to the toll on his body, resulting in Frieza walking to Tien's body and finishing him, Mortal Kombat style, because fuck that guy for challenging the former supreme ruler of the known universe, Lord Frieza.   There are so many re rolls happening right now, just on the sheer account of feeling too godly in the first fight. Example: Nanite Reality,  aka, Reality Warping. Not fair at all in my honest opinion    Barney Stinson on Reddit. Are you looking for stuff to put on your blog?   "You keep avoiding my punches because you're reading my mind and know when I'm going to punch you"  -Anchorman 2  Edit: quote isn't exactly correct and wording stuff    This right here...I try to explain to my female friends that this is exactly what I get out of Pride and Prejudice, yet none of them seem to believe that I can get such a simple yet accurate plot line out of said work of literature.   I had to scroll a little bit too far to find a Jane Austen entry.       About to make a PM_ME account for new music. I will let everyone know how this turns out   It's Aladeen!!   The big question here is "why do men have nipples?"   If so, how would their theory on the construction of the universe and possibility of alternate universes be constructed?      Those other planets are all puff and gas. Earth is solid. Earth may be smaller but he can do more.   I would give you gold if I could, but I am biased because I am part of Phi Kappa Tau   This comment right here perfectly explains my reasoning for getting involved in Greek life. Yes, I am closer to some brothers than others, but I know at the end of the day, I can count on all of the members of our fraternity...Phi Kappa Tau!    Something about earthquakes   Vagina. Vagina. I wanna have sex with your vagina. I love the Jon Lajoie reference   Would you write it as 2 separate programs...One for the drink and one for the food? Because either way you go, it shouldn't take too many lines to write it.   Maybe we should ask Tien   Thank you for the TPB reference.   Basically, Dave is gym perfection. God Bless You, Dave.   Like a sir   Always ask if she is trying to get the pipe   People who use the phrase I can't even    God damn Kony reference!    This is a good community to be around, and read what other people submit. Thanks for making all of this possible.   No, not the same HS. Edit: was going for the joke of gym teachers always marrying students, but was taken seriously   We might have went to the same high school, in that case. Context: gym teacher also married former student.   I'm not trying to bash anyone. I just didn't know whether anyone has found a cause for nostalgia   Whenever you mentioned producer, the first thing that came to my mind was Rick Rubin, and how he basically floated through genres as he pleased, working with everyone from Eminem to Slipknot.   I've been listening to some of my older music, which is mostly music from certain artists earlier in their career, alongside some of their modern stuff, and I've noticed that it almost seems like the talent is gone, or they just don't sound as good. Is that one of those things that is just my personal taste, or is there something that makes people tend to like an artists earlier work?  Edit: My grammar and syntax are pretty shitty, but I don't plan on perfecting it, just so grammar nazis know.   I am an American, and we will send in a drone to destroy it for you.   Apple pie. So American   It says that there are even more features that couldn't have even thought of in 1991 that are currently in the IPhone 5s. That would make your cost well over the presented mark. Then again, there is no way to take into account that technological advances that have been made in the last 23 years, and try to find any kind of equal that we can compare that to   I've seen everything from support to indifference to comparing having gay pride/being gay to enjoying rape and murder. If it effects locker room chemistry, then that's bad. If it doesn't, then why does this need to be a big deal. Being gay doesn't mean he is suddenly going to lose his talents in football.  Edit: I am pretty sure that I meant to use affect instead of effect, but I am not absolutely sure on that   Haha go Hoosiers...   Christians?    This guy really got gold? He didn't make any type of argument or give any kind of details.  I guess I really appealed to someone's emotions then. Because yea, I didn't type that comment out to divulge into some great opinion with an at length argument backing my views.  Also, I would give you gold for posting that response, except I am on mobile.   I had been floating between this and a discussion with a friend of mine about animal testing. But, wouldn't it be funny to see a high profile, menacing criminal type to be covered in makeup and such?   Remember whenever William Sheldon came up with somatotyping in the 1870s? That wasn't too effective either.   Animal testing is mainly used because we can't test on humans.  We should be allowed to use lifers and death row inmates for testing, but the Geneva Convention guidelines say no   I need to blaze before answering this capably   It should still be Martin's dad or closest male family member boxing him...   Fuck Elysium in particular. All my friends loved it, but I thought it was shit   gen2 Championship battle with Lance. His Aerodactyl could use Rock Slide whenever it wasn't a TM in the game nor could Aerodactyl learn it naturally or by TM  Edit: I don't believe Aerodactyl can learn Rock Slide by breeding either, but i could be wrong   I can understand how they would together (one can believe in a higher power that helps them feel comfort in their insecurities, and at the same time, be used as an exaplanatory gap for things science hasn't yet confirmed/refuted, and be able to practice science properly) I used to think that science and religion had to be separate, especially with the theory of evolution/Creationism, but I have seen, since about 2 years ago, that science and religion can coexist, until one starts interfering with the exercise of the other (Ken Ham's Young Earth Creationism/ atheists who believe that religion being around science will stupify the minds involved)   People who use bad gym etiquette; examples range from not cleaning up after oneself, or just standing around talking in an area where I need to be for an exercise, such as people who gather either around a set of dumbbells I would like to use or all around the squat rack. It does not matter how good of a mood I am in, I will be instantly shitty....not to that particular gym-goer, but in general.   So, the lineup for Spring Awakening 2014 has been posted, and it is looking like it is going to be a very strong lineup. I would like to hear everyone elses' comments on the subject, such as, if you are going to attend, which artist or artists you are looking forward to most. This concert is in Chicago, Illinois for anyone interested.  http://www.chicagotribune.com/entertainment/music/turnitup/chi-spring-awakening-lineup-20140203,0,2068299.column  There is a link I provided highlighting the lineup, including headlining sets by KasKade, Pretty Lights, and Tiesto. I am personally looking forward to Tiesto.   GodDammit...   The requirements for becoming a level 1 Crossfit trainer, which means that you can teach classes and whatnot, requires a 2 day seminar, and I believe a $1,000 cash payment.  Crossfit might just be the Scientology of exercise...emphasis on might   That explains so much of HIMYM    No more double hot sauce at Chipotle for me!   Yo dawg, we heard you like moderation, so we decided to moderate your moderation while you enjoy your moderated moderation   "Did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said Dead Nigger Storage?"   83% of all women are looking for sex just as much as men are   The average African American male has a 33% chance of going to jail at some point in his life   i love you    Pulp Fiction    A friend of mine was going on about the trouble in her life, and this is where I found one of the boundaries of things I should never joke about. She popped of something about how I was one of the problems in her life, and that we should probably not talk for a good while. My reply: no wonder your dad walked out on you. Worst experience ever! I was joking of course, but this was the wrong place for sarcasm, I guess    The plot twist must have been too much for her to handle   	106
    [Photek - The Third Sequence](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esHpGuBkGys)  [Xtrah - Soundclash](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XN6t-HF8yk)  [Octane  DLR feat. Script - Set Up The Set](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QpKaYVbtuQ)   ...aaaaaand some unreleased stuff:  [I Am Legion - Make Those Move (Teddy Killerz Remix)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4P_lwiH9Hs)  Also look out for the record label Critical Music. They are putting out some real deep, intelligent but also dark tunes. And they sound more stylized and less muddy and hardcore than most of the dark dnb tracks, what i like.   It's not just that she's strong, Diamond plays a pretty mean Shyvana. I spectated some of his games and he was constantly  keeping up with the sololaners level-wise. He even outleveld and outfarmed them and that is pretty amazing as a jungler. His overall playstyle reminded me of Meteos's but a notch higher (cause he's Diamond/#nofanboy #nohomo)   How i will manage to watch all the games even though i'll have school:  1. Stay up all the weekend until atleast 6 am and sleep until 5pm. Pretty easy if you're going to get wasted anyway.  2. Wake up around 5pm at sunday, buy a 2l coke and a bunch of energy drinks at the closest gas station and pull an allnighter to watch the first day of games. Don't sleep at all and go to school at 8am.  3. Since you are going to be a zombie at monday evening you can easily go to sleep around 8pm.  4. Wake up at 3-4am at tuesday morning and continue watching the games. I'll probably miss the Fnatic vs Gambit game though since that one starts at 8am. Maybe i can skip the first lesson, not sure about that one yet.  5. Repeat for the whole week.  6. Profit?  	4
 Damn, you're talented. Great work!!   Haha, no worries. We still enjoy your contribution!   If you have an iPad, there should be a lock screen button. You just press the middle button twice, swipe to the left, and click the circular arrow. Hope this helps (for the future) if you actually do have an iPad!   fenêtre [fen-eh-tra (sorry for the shitty phonetics)]  It means window in French, and I think it's the prettiest word of all languages.   No it doesn't.   wrong subreddit... you're looking for /r/todayilearned   He's lying, the dog takes a train ride to heaven to be with his handler, but they never actually die.   [Where the leopard actually is...](http://imgur.com/9HMPE)   there are two, but yes, the one at the bottom right is much more visible.   I'm sorry I didn't really make that clear. We basically never bring up religion with her. We pray before meals, but that's all.  We don't regularly go to mass, but she wouldn't have to go if she chose not to. We may mention that we feel blessed because something happened, but we wouldn't get into a deep discussion about how God granted us life and it's good, etc. etc.  When she brings it up, she goes into lengthy discussions of "with logic, the Christian God is easily disproven" or something along those lines. I have never said to her face that "God is an obvious fact of life" because no one really knows. Yet she has to shove down our throats that she doesn't believe in God, when we honestly are fine with that.  If we were making her uncomfortable and she spoke her mind, I would understand. But it's more like there is a break in the conversation and she'll say "so I saw this article" and go into a religious rant. I would never do that for her sake, yet she doesn't have the same courtesy for me.  I have friends who are atheist, and we get along fine. We either don't bring up religion, or when we do, we agree to disagree. Just conversation, not debate. My sister just thinks (and she's made this clear, I'm not just saying this) that as an ateist, she is discriminated against, which she most definitely is not.   My sister is an atheist and I am Christian. Being Christian, I know that I can't make a real point to my religion because it doesn't make sense; that's why it's called faith. I have no problem with my sister being atheist and think she can believe whatever she wants, yet she regularly brings up the beliefs of Catholics and why she is not one.  She not only does this around me, but around our Catholic family. Then we all get very uncomfortable because there is no way for us to back our beliefs because they are spiritual, not logical. I think she constantly brings it up because she is worried that people won't understand or are displeased with her for being atheist, yet we don't really have any opinion of it, we just don't want to have to explain to her why we believe what we believe because, well, we can't.  **TL;DR** People can believe whatever they like, just don't try to reason your beliefs because you'll just get in a heated discussion that makes everyone uncomfortable and angry.   They're called Blue Bottles in Australia.   Chess, not Battleship...   But I like zebras...   I love this!!   I knew someone must have beat me to it... I didn't see this before I posted this.   I'll miss you before we're done...   YES.   Actually, my voice teacher's accompanist showed this to him and me yesterday. I looked it up and posted it here.   Most people just use /r/Makeup and post their stuff there      Glad I could help!   /r/confessions  you're welcome.      No, you definitely only want to give them one head shot. They're going to see a lot of people, they want as little from everyone as possible. Even if you will be wearing your glasses most of the time, auditioners want to see what you look like without them. It's just easier for them to know who and what they will be dealing with if you are hired.   I agree with TSpange. He/She is concerned that this person may be seeking fame, not a life as a performer.   I like it! The clothes and scenery are definitely great. I would definitely suggest taking off the glasses in the future. When you're in an audition, your auditioners want to see your face and your entire face. Also, I might try having the camera from a higher angle than you face. It makes the picture seem lighter and happier, but that's just a preference of mine. Nothing to look deep into.  You look great!   That's a really nice quote. I'll have to hang that up in my dressing room some day(;   Oh my God, you're right!! I just remembered something!!  My junior high had a little radio station (online, noone listened to it) and they wanted to interview me (because i'm just that awesome, haha). I sang two songs, both of which were very sad. Afterword, I had a friend tell me that someone thought I was actually crying, but my friend said it like it was an insult. Like, why would I be crying? It's just a song about growing up without a father and all the regrets you have... nbd. I was totally embarrassed.  Anyway, thank you so much for that!! This just made this all so clear to me. Thank you, thank you, a million times, thank you!! I'd give you gold if I had money, sorry that I don't):   I saw this last night on /new, but I decided not to post a comment... Oh the irony...   I think they were practicing on your comment. Sorry about that :/   Totally agree. I try to do this as much as possible, but definitely good advice for me to remember. Thanks so much(:   Well, I think I'm pretty much good on your first and second tip, being a trained performer (though they are true and helpful nonetheless), but I think you're right one for tip three. I usually put on a brave face and say I'm not scared, but something is holding me back and I think it might just be me. I think I just have to let go and not be afraid of whatever I'm afraid of. Thanks Johnny Numbskull! 3   I am a high school student and a musical theatre actress hopeful. Being that I'm going into theatre, my voice teacher doesn't just have me sing songs, but act them as well (as all singers should). If I am singing a very emotional song, I find myself afraid to really get into character. I don't know why, but I can't just... get to where I should be. I hold myself back.  Does anyone have any tips on what I can do to fearlessly get into character, no matter how... extreme the emotion?   lazy ass title...   It's actually to the tune of an old drinking song, but I think it does the job as well(:   I don't know why so many people are ganging up on you, I'm behind your comment 100%.   OH MY GOD YES! This is why one of my goals as a musical theatre actress is to some day sing the nation anthem like I didn't just talk a few muscle relaxers. Personally, I think people screw up the national anthem so bad because they don't think their voice can deliver it well, so they have to fuck it up in order for it to be any good.   This may work for some people, but then eventually the reasons you reward yourself become smaller and smaller. Maybe at first, you smoke after cleaning the garage. Then it becomes after you did the dishes that were piling up. Then it's for making your bed in the morning.  Being an addict (not of smoking), I believe once you have an addiction, it never leaves you. You can tame it, but you can't get rid of it. Of course, each person is different, but I don't think it's worth risking.   I think it's horrible. The singing is okay, but definitely not up to par with the Broadway performance we all know and love. Also, the acting is just not there. Just lots of stone faces. Luckily, the music is so beautiful, it makes to movie slightly bearable, but the actors just don't do the job of telling such a beautiful story.      I love someone that knows a lot about stuff. Even if it seems random and uninteresting, I *love* it. Someone telling me about any topic and being able to listen and learn, I love. I have no idea why, but I think it's awesome.   You have to be careful, though. I have a friend who upon meeting someone will hug them and even begin to hang on them. Even though I am around this person a lot, I automatically feel uncomfortable around her when she gets close. Just be careful to hug when it counts.   I do this all the time because, as an actress, I naturally get nervous when looking someone in the eye. (It's like I'm looking my audience in the eye, just scares me instantly). I've only had one person realize it, and it because very awkward because they honestly thought there was something wrong with their nose when I would talk to them.   With in limits, I think. I know someone who in an instance of meeting them will hug them and ask them personal questions a friend would ask. It gets very uncomfortable, very fast. But of course, when I meet some one that will automatically be nice to me, talk to me, joke with me, and whatnot, then that's fine. I love that, in fact.(:   *facepalm*   Try living in Texas. If there is snow, even if it melts the second it hits the ground, we close all of our schools, offices, etc.   I would give gold if I had money. I know that doesn't really count for anything, but I just wanted to let you know that you just about made my day(:   Phantastic!!!!! Phantom is my favorite show, and this is just amazing!!   *And with your spirit.   I think the subreddit /r/confessions could use a little more love. Very related to this topic.   obviously fake....   I am so sorry hun. If you ask me, that is sexual assault. go to the doctor as soon as you can, and the the police. I am *so* sorry, no one deserves this treatment. And also, in my opinion, if you never wanted it to happen in the first place, you didn't lose your virginity. You have to freely choose to give that away, no one can take it from you. I hope you heal well. Please know that our hearts all go out to you.   I'm sure a lot of people here will think this is a very minor problem, but to me right now it's huge. Right now, I'm on my school's drill (dance) team, and it's every single day, so it's basically my life for the next four years. I plan on going into musical theatre, so I enjoy being involved in my school's show choir as well. The problem is that since my drill team takes up such a huge part of my life, by next year I'll have to chose between drill and choir. If I quit drill, then I can join more of the after school choirs [women's, jazz (which is basically more advanced), etc.] and open my schedule to more rest, homework time, and other activities that I wouldn't have even been able to consider before. But if I give up on drill team, I would also be giving up a huge part of my life: performing at football games, not being with my team which is like a family, competitions, an everyday activity, a great exercise, and a huge label (that I really like). One of my biggest issues is that I enjoy being a leader, and not just a member, so I couldn't be a leader of either if I'm in both, because, sadly, conflicts will force me to choose. (I'll be able to stay in choir no matter what, but a much lesser portion that I would prefer.) Also, just to note, I am a very skilled singer (as I've been told by professionals, I'm not just conceited) and not the greatest dancer, but I'm pretty good and much better than someone without any experience. Note, if I gave up drill, I could also start dance lessons. It amy seem small to a lot of you, but it's a huge part of my life right now and could determine how the rest of my life pans out. Of course this is a very personal decision, but does anyone have any opinions or points that may help me sway one way or the other? Thank you!  P.S. Sorry that my thoughts are kind of scattered!   I'm sure a lot of people here will think this is a very minor problem, but to me right now it's huge. Right now, I'm on my school's drill (dance) team, and it's every single day, so it's basically my life for the next four years. I plan on going into musical theatre, so I enjoy being involved in my school's show choir as well. The problem is that since my drill team takes up such a huge part of my life, by next year I'll have to chose between drill and choir. If I quit drill, then I can join more of the after school choirs [women's, jazz (which is basically more advanced), etc.] and open my schedule to more rest, homework time, and other activities that I wouldn't have even been able to consider before. But if I give up on drill team, I would also be giving up a huge part of my life: performing at football games, not being with my team which is like a family, competitions, an everyday activity, a great exercise, and a huge label (that I really like). One of my biggest issues is that I enjoy being a leader, and not just a member, so I couldn't be a leader of either if I'm in both, because, sadly, conflicts will force me to choose. (I'll be able to stay in choir no matter what, but a much lesser portion that I would prefer.) Also, just to note, I am a very skilled singer (as I've been told by professionals, I'm not just conceited) and not the greatest dancer, but I'm pretty good and much better than someone without any experience. Note, if I gave up drill, I could also start dance lessons. It amy seem small to a lot of you, but it's a huge part of my life right now and could determine how the rest of my life pans out. Of course this is a very personal decision, but does anyone have any opinions or points that may help me sway one way or the other? Thank you!  P.S. Sorry that my thoughts are kind of scattered!   Wow, good for you! You look great!   Hey Psy! I just want to let you know we're getting married. Love you, babe! Keep up the good work! 3   I knew that looked familiar!   God, this got me so excited!!!!!   May I ask why? I found it very contradictory and the music kind of seemed half-hearted and kind of like a music box: easy to listen to, but isn't going to make you think or feel anything at all.   OH MY GOD YES!! I just saw an ad for this on facebook today and I seriously got up and started singing and dancing.   Thank you so much for sharing your story, it really means a lot.  Your motivation and sweet words will definitely get me through a ton throughout my life, I know.  Thanks, you are so kind for everything you've said to me (:   Good for you. I'm glad you have such strength(: We're all glad you're here. Thanks for staying with us.   Thank you. I truly appreciate your acceptance and support. Thank you for understanding, or at least trying to3   Thank you so much. This really and truly made me tear up because it made me so much happier. I've never had anyone tell me that I didn't have to be perfect, no joke. Thank you. You may have just drastically improve my life. (:   I would pay serious money to wear any of those dressed. They are beautiful!!   my crappy wifi made me see that in slow-mo. it was amazing.   Hi.  I'm a fourteen-year-old girl who just started high school and is pursuing a career in musical theatre.  I'm just going to say this right now, I'm not some sort of Rachel Barry (Berry?) wanna-be or some sort of YouTube singer that has no talent or real aspiration, just looking for fame and money, no.  I've been aspiring toward the theatres of Broadway since I can remember and I don't want any sort of fame or money. I just want to sing and be heard. And yes, I liked it before it was cool, and I'm fully aware that makes me sound like a hipster.  Anyway, like I said, I just started high school, but I have all the expectation piled on me. Honestly and truthfully, I'm good. Some might say great or amazing, but I'm not trying to brag, I'm just letting you know.  Because of this, I'm expected to be amazing and inspirational and all that, but I'm not. My mother expects me to get perfect grades, my sister expects me to get the lead in the musical as a freshman, my entire choir expects me to be perfect and on top of my game every day and never make a mistake and they think it's okay to put all the attention on me sometimes when it makes me uncomfortable (because come one, it's a choir), and it goes on and on and on.  I can't handle it.  I know my limits and my abilities, but noone else does. I'm supposed to be perfect. When I make an achievement, noone cares because it's expected. When I break down, it's just not okay, I'm supposed to handle all of this. When I make a bad grade, my mother tells me that I won't get into college. When I make a good one, it doesn't affect her. I, honest to God, got a 101% in French (granted, it's only the first half of the first quarter), but she was unimpressed because the rest of my grades weren't quite there.  They're all B's and A's, and again: I. Just. Started. High. School.  I'm breaking down.  When I was twelve, I was diagnosed with clinical depression. All of my friends had abandoned me for a dumb reason I'm not willing to get into and my parents thought I didn't need help. Every time I reached out to someone for help, they thought I was lying, or be overly-dramatic. I had three failed suicide attempts. (Note: I AM NOT CURRENTLY SUICIDAL. THIS WAS A YEAR AND A HALF AGO.) Finally, my principal caught wind of my situation somehow and decided to suspend me until I got medical help. (Just saying, she's a bitch. Never, ever force anyone with a mental problem to get help against their will.) I went to a therapist, I went to the hospital. My parents were in shock. They thought I could handle my own problems. They didn't realize my mom not being there and my dad's abusive, alcoholic, depressive behavior had rubbed off on me. They still don't. They blame everything all on my own inability to take care of myself. I got out three days before my thirteenth birthday.  Now here I am, going down a scary path again. The only friends I can get right now and mean to me, selfish, and expect me to be perfect, my parents are ignoring me, and I have all these.... expectations.  I'm not okay.  I want to self injure again, I'm inclined to take pain killers (I'm not doing these things, nor do I plan to. Just inclined. I have self-control.), I'm lonely, I'm sad...  I'm not perfect.   Well, I guess that's all I really have to say. Thanks for listening to me ramble about myself. I really appreciate it.   i was just thinking this today. so truee.   way to be a little bitch... suck it up.   *bastard   This actually convinced me to get off reddit and do my homework.....   fuck you man, i was just about to post that!!   Why I want to be a cat...[ruined]   it's a timer with a black background and bright red lettering counting from 10 seconds down. There's (backwards) Arabic written across the top.   Almost related, my name is Nicole, but in Spanish class my name was Clara. What the actual fuck.   that just gave me the biggest smile!! (:   stfu. people can believe whatever they want to believe.   wtf did u do?   not your typical cake day post...   Oh, you have depression? Put this shit in your body!  May cause warts, acne, back pain, sinus swelling, nose bleeds, nausea, diarrhea, sweating, head ache, loss of vision, trouble breathing, sore muscles, rash, hives, swelling in the ears, nose or mouth, kidney failure, liver failure, cancer, death, and/or depression.  We hope you didn't pay attention to any of that while we shoved pictures of flowers and puppies down your throat.   YES!! Holy crap I hate that commercial so much...      you lucky bastard.   Agreed.   how i envy you...      have u been pressing the spacebar twice? if not, i agree, ur phone is fucked.   thank you(: 95% say yes now(: and btw, i just thought it's valid information that i'm a christian and i support anyone being able to marry whoever the hell they want.   wtf? that's the most terrible thing i've ever seen...  	90
 Throwaway.  Need your kind advise on how I can get approved on SSDI for depression. I applied once 3 months ago but I left my application incomplete (didn't resond to SS Admin's follow-up questions) and so was denied.   1. Is it true that I must apply and be denied two more times before I can appeal?  I have been depressed since childhood but wasn't diagnosed until my mid 30s (I'm male, 57, those were different times).   I am also documented as extremely allergic to all SSRI since I was first diagnosed (extreme, explosive dihreahha beginning within 2 hours of ingestion, and then every 45 minutes, lasting for 14 hours).   For 25 years, docs kept trying other SSRIs, one after another (even though I always told them about past extreme side effects), hoping I wouldn't react. I would always abandon each due to the same side effects.  Now 25 years after diagnosis,knowing what we know now, we've tried all the other, older meds but they don't work.  2. How best for me to proceed with the next two claims?  3. Any protips, things to watch out for?  Thanks   ScumbagInc, do you know about /r/depression?  	2
 I'm pretty new to knitting this scarf and the other Gryffindor one I made are my first creations hah...  I believe I used a 16" round needle for the entire scarf. Used a crochet hook to place the tassels. As for the yarn I just picked two colours I liked of the same thickness. I used different thickness for the Gryffindor one than the slytherin same needles though I prefer my scarves to be knitted in the round that way they are double thick with no ugly side c: I can provide the knitting pattern if anyone is interested.    Snake needed an xray c:    Nymeria after the dire wolf from asoiaf And orochi after the dragon for okami c:      It's a royal python if anyone wanted to know       They do it usually to help shed, mine however goes in there to soak and then she poops lol   Well we also sedated him c:    We used a bolt cutter to remove it       Thanks c:     I recommend removing all substrate and replacing with paper towel till mites are gone, give all the hides a good wash in scalding water. As for the spray I'd has an ivomec spray and give the snake an ivomec injection if you can it works the best and is easily available at local vet clinics      She's a salmon boa and her and her name is Nymeria. This is the first time I've seen her soaking on her own c.      I work at a zoo as a veterinary technician and I also do animal husbandry ect. All the animals at my zoo receive a very high level of care. There's very careful guidelines that have to be followed to remain a member of caza! We clean daily, sometimes more then once, feed multiple times and different ways and provide extra enrichment daily as well all the animals I work with daily are very happy and well cared for. Medical issues are dealt with by the veterinarian right away. I can't speak for all zoos but the one I work at is great.      	16
    Review your porn history.    Idk what I could offer, but I do know my pirate name would be Tash Von Rapier ARRRRRRGGHGH               I'm going to start by saying you are a perceptive 15 year old. When I was 15, all I cared about was Dragon Ball Z.   She's definitely into you, but you shouldn't ask her to this dance. Let your friend do his thing.    I think of a lot of girls find awkwardness cute!    Amirite?    I'm just acting like I don't care, but I am ACTING.   It was okay. He's not a performer, so the show was bland.    see my reply to klocke   It wasn't like that lol. I just told her "hey, the logical side of my brain is telling me it's not okay for you to stay here after i leave." i meaaan, who let's a stranger stay at their place after they leave.    thanks. new.    nah. it was good for both parties for sure. if a couple orgasms i any indicator.    damn that's what i should have said.   I'm not saying she has a low self esteem b/c i'm projecting or b/c she fucked me. It's just in her body language, and just her general personality.   	18
 Meh. I like my shape. My meds made me gain a couple pounds though. And I can't just go to a gym even if I wanted to.    Yes.   Thanks. Purses are dumb, tool belts are where it's at.    Yes it is. I have a lot of health conditions so if I have any weight on my shoulders they get horribly sore. Also I love my tool belt. It cost $10 and will last forever.    Earl? It doesn't get in the way.   How does someone even look like they like anal?   How is it self destructive? I'm just wondering how clothing can self destructive.    Not into anal. Not goth.   And bored. It's crazy how many girls on here are gorgeous but they are saying how self conscious they are when they are all way prettier than I am. Not that I think I am bad looking. I am pretty confident in my appearance especially when I have makeup on. I just don't look like all the other pretty girls here.      I live an "alternative" life and have unconventional looks (physically and with how I choose to dress). So I'm not really concerned about looking like a fashion model. But I suppose I am curious as to what people think.      Thanks!        http://imgur.com/a/pzxRJ         Looks like I am about to be diagnosed with HEDS. It feels like I am going to lose everything. I am back in my home state seeking treatment because of how much pain I have been in. I had to go on leave at work, leave my home that I share with my boyfriend, and leave all the dogs I work with. So chances are if I can't go back to work because of my body I lose all those other things with it. My life means nothing if I can't be where I need to be.      How do the rest of you guys function? Do you work and go to school? Or if you're on disability I take it you have hobbies and such.        I have no idea what will happen, I just want to be with the dogs and my partner.    Still waiting on the geneticist but it's looking like that's what is going on with me. If that is the case then that means no more hard labor so I won't be able to go back to the job that I love. And if I can't support myself I don't know how I would go back to my home and my boyfriend (I am currently in another state with family trying to get treatment).        I just don't know what to do or what will happen. I can't lose my partner, my job, all the dogs at work, and my home all at once. How am I supposed to be a person if it is like this?       Even if I went on ssi I would have to do it here because it pays almost nothing where I live. But that could take forever. I want to go the fuck home and have a life.       And on another note I am in so much fucking pain all the time I am constantly angry. Why is it doctors always seem to be shoving pain pills in people's faces but when I need them it is not an option? They tell me to eat better and all that garbage but I can't even stand at the stove for a few minutes. Maybe if I could take two wimpy pain pills a day I could actually attempt to take care of myself.    I am a 23 year old female and have many medical conditions. (CRPS, TMJ, arthritis, hyperothyroid, hypermobility, maybe fibromyalga). I am currently in the process of trying to get it all figured out so I have been seeing a bunch of doctors because I have been so unwell that I can't work and had to leave my job that I love.       Basically I am just waiting to see a geneticist because it is looking like I have Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome. Which would make SO MUCH sense.       Long story short the collagen in my body won't do its job so things won't stay connected and are very bendy.        So about my ribs, the very bottom front ribs on each side seem to slightly overlapped by the ones above it. More so on my left. They are both also curled in a bit almost like a candy cane or something. Because of how bendy all of me is and how much cartilage make up the front ribs I can actually reach under them and bend them outward so they are straight. When I let go it makes sort of a thunk or a popping noise. Which as you can imagine is a delightful party trick.    I have just always wanted to know if this is something that happens to other people and has a name. It doesn't really look very abnormal or anything and it doesn't hurt at all so I never remember to ask my doctor but my ribs have been like this my whole life.         Thanks for reading.          [P.S. I don't know if you really need this information but I am about 5' and 130 lbs. Farley healthy weight for me. My ethnic background is French, Irish, Welsh, Spanish, Mexican, and Filipino.]      I don't sew much so excuse any ignorance.        I have a dress like this and love it. When I tried to search for more I had no idea what to call it and can hardly find any. It is a somewhat obscure design but I know there are plenty out there. I got the one I have at a little Indian import shop.     Super basic design, when you lie it flat is is totally square and just has a cinched waist.       http://imgur.com/ERdLixZ        I am considering trying to make a dress with the same basic concept but was thinking about using a jersey knit fabric (because it's soft and stretchy and the edges don't need to be stitched). It's also a fabric I can put paint on using stamps or stencils. Will I run into any problems with using a stretch fabric? How much fabric do you think I will need?   I am staying with a friend and have free range of her kitchen. I decided I wanted some hot chocolate because it's a rainy Netflix sort of day and I remembered there is some Hershey's cocoa powder in the pantry. Great! That's what I usually make cocoa with, generally following their basic recipe that is on the back of the container. [heat cocoa and sugar on stove in a small amount of water until desolved, add milk and heat on low, then add a couple of drops of vanilla extract.]        BUT. Once I was heating the cocoa I realized the the powder was the special dark edition. Then when I went to look for vanilla extract I happened to see some orange extract so I used that instead.      Best. Hot. Chocolate. Ever.        Edit: I am significantly better at cooking than I am at spelling.      Just looking for feedback. Whenever I tell people I have anxiety I know I am coming off as emotionally anxious. The thing is that I don't feel that way. I have depression and all so I do have emotional issues but I am generally not nervous. I have hyperthyroidism which is probably the source of most of my anxiety.        My symptoms are mostly increased heart rate, sweaty palms and feet, shakey hands, labored breathing, trouble sleeping, fatigue, and some general uneasy feelings. I don't really feel nervous so much as just discontent because of the physical symptoms.            Anyone else?    It can be something small or something big. I just think it is good to project some of our concerns in a different direction sometimes and give the good things in life more credit. Not to downplay any serious issues. But sometimes the bad can even amplify the good.        For me there are many things I try and stop and appreciate. Though all too much is overlooked. Even the fact that I have running water in my home is something that is so convenient that I forget that I am privileged to have it.       Some of the biggest things are my boyfriend and my dog. They love me so actively. My boyfriend doesn't always understand what I am going through and can't always comfort me when I need it, but he is so supportive I couldn't ask for more. He cooks for me when I can't, he picks up after me, and works a ton of hours to support both of us while I am unable to work. He is my hero.          I also want to add that my mother left her awful husband recently an is now with a man that treats her like a queen. That woman is a saint and for the first time in her life she is being treated the way she deserves. I have yet to meet the new guy but I am beyond grateful for him.        So what do you have in your life that is wonderful?        [Here's a picture of me and my boys.](http://i.imgur.com/lEp2m8B.jpg)           I would love to see your pictures as well.       I left the city I live in a week ago to seek medical treatment in the area I am from. Today I saw a pain specialist who sat in the room with me for almost an hour listening to what I had to say and asking me a bunch of questions. It felt great to actually have a medical professional listen to me.       The clinic is a bit weird in the sense that they don't treat patients, they mostly work in tandem with a primary care doctor. It would be frustrating but they really seem to know what they are doing so I don't mind. The doctor told me she wanted to double check my thyroid for a rare condition, get me a bone scan, do more tests for autoimmune diseases, and see a specialist they have there who seems to know a lot about fibromyalga. They ended up having an opening with him tomorrow. So once I see him and get his opinion I just need to go to a GP for them to run all the tests. I feel like I am finally on the path to get all of the diagnoses I need.      Hopefully I wont have to deal with any more doctors that wont or don't know how to treat me.   This actually happened yesterday/the day before but I did not have the energy to post it. FU Part 1:      So I was flying from one city to another and had an hour long layover in Dallas. Turns out the plane was having issues so they informed everyone that they weren't boarding yet. Ten minutes later they tell everyone they are boarding. Twenty minutes after that they inform everyone that the plane once again has issues but it had been decided that it could not be flown and they were working on finding a new plane but it may take several hours.      I should probably add that I am traveling to get treatment because I am having medical issues. The day of the flight I had just been prescribed new meds. Turns out they make me loopy. Very loopy.      Back to the announcement, as soon as everyone hears this half of them sigh and grumble in unison. Except me. My reaction was a quick burst of laughter. I tend to find situations like that funny as it is but along with the meds I had a brief moment of inability to contain myself.  Turns out my sunny disposition was unappreciated. I am pretty sure at least half the flight heard me which lead to half the flight hating me. Now I'm thinking "Great, now I'm stuck with these people for at least six hours."       FU Part 2:       The airline finds a plane that is landing in two hours that we will use once those passengers are off of it. All of us waiting for our flight now move to the new gate and hunker down to wait for the plane. At this point I am exhausted, feel awful because of my medical problems, and just want a bed. Here is where I fuck up again. I fall asleep. The reason I let that happen is that I usually wake up easily if anything is going on around me and figured that the movement of my hundred and some fellow passengers would wake me. I guess not. And the fact that half of them hated me probably played a roll in the fact that no one bothered to wake me up.     I ended up waking as the plane was taking off. It was the middle of the night and I had to search the whole airport to find an agent to get me on the next flight which wasn't until the next morning. By the time I was telling the agent I had missed my flight I was crying and she eventually got the whole story (of the medical issues and the sleeping, not the bit about the laugh). She had me set up to stay at a hotel but then one of her co workers basically cock blocked it from happening so I ended up sleeping on the cold hard floor once again.      It was an exhausting adventure and by the time I got here I was feeling all kinds of weird. Finally got good sleep last night though so it worked out.      TL;DR: Traveling in search of medical treatment because I feel like garbage, thought my delayed flight was funny, pissed off the other passengers, fell asleep, missed my flight, had to stay the night in the airport.   I am looking into some multimedia decorative crafts and I am hoping for some advice.     My original idea is to decorate canes, crutches, and walkers. Specifically for children. (picture some elbow crutches with frozen characters and glitter)      So what I am looking for is some kind of sealant that will go on clear and stay that way that is durable. So if I were to paint onto the metal and add stickers and so on I want to be able to coat it in something that will seal it for good. The problem is that I dont know anything about acrylics or resin or whatever I need to use...     Help.   I am currently based out of Auburn and Olympia so those areas are good too. I have an appointment with a pain specialist at UW soon but they apparently do not prescribe any kinds of meds (?!weird?!) so I am also looking for a primary care doctor that is willing to put some effort into someone like us that has many complications. I am also on the hunt for a rheumatologist.      Any suggestions would be great.   So years ago I had a bit of a problem with abusing pain medication. At the ever so mature age of 18 I quit because it was stupid. My sister on the other hand never did and now she shoots heroin. The last thing I want is to be like her.        Now that my disease is kicking my ass I actually need pain meds. (Chances are that I started taking them in the first place because I have always been in pain and turns out those drugs help with that.) So a couple weeks ago I ended up at the ER and was prescribed 20 norco. I did alright with those and they lasted a week until I saw my gp. I thought that I could overcome my problem with meds because I have learned some lessons since I was 18. Well my gp prescribed me 60 norco to last a month. That was a little over a week ago and I have three left which are now in the possession of my wonderful boyfriend. I feel so stupid. Its stressful because I know I need them if I want to get out of bed ever.      In a few days I have an appointment with a rheumatologist who I was referred to by a pain specialist. So hopefully I am on track to begin getting treatment. Ideally I want to get something done that will get me to a place where I dont need pain meds. But until then they are necessary. So you can see my predicament.        I think I have a plan to help the situation. (I know, you probably already think I'm screwed due to my stupidity.) Basically I just plan to have my boyfriend hide them from me and distribute them as they are supposed to be taken. I know myself enough to know that I know I wont dig around to find them. If anything I will have him count them and keep track. I know that if he is keeping tabs on me I couldn't bear to disappoint him.          Do I sound like I'm being reasonable or do I sound like a total idiot who should just have suffer because I can't keep my shit together?    What made you decide you want to be nice? Or have you pretty much always been like that? What are your thoughts and views on how to behave towards others?    Its strange how your sense of taste changes.    After being told by a pain specialist that he cant treat me because basically I am too messed up and my disease is too far progressed he referred me to a rheumatologist. I called to make an appointment and the lady told me he doesn't treat CRPS and I should see a pain specialist (lovely right, I had just told her that is who referred me). Then she told me that there are two other doctors there that will treat it but they don't have openings for a while. After that I called my gp in tears because I didn't know what to do and was almost out of my pain meds that I had gotten from the ER. She was actually helpful and prescribed me more to tide me over until I can see a rheumatologist. Today I got an appointment with one for next week.        My main concern besides getting treated for my pain is that my boyfriend is exhausted from working so much to make up for the fact that I can only work two days a week. I know he loves me and wants to do everything he can but at the same time I know he would be relieved if I were out of his hair. While I appreciate everything he is doing and think he is amazing for it I cant help but be hurt that the relationship might not be strong enough to deal with me and my shitty medical issues. We are basically in the mindset of being a married couple, but I guess its not to the point of 'through sickness and health'. Which breaks my heart. I guess it's one of those things that is great in theory but not so much in practice.        So hopefully my appointment will go well and I can start treatment and begin to get better so I can pull more of my own weight to take pressure off him. If not I may fly back home (on the other side of the country) and stay with my dad and best friend. They are near Seattle so my dad can drive me to appointments and I will probably be able to get better treatment. I just really dont want to do that. It would be good an many ways but at the same time I want to be home with my boyfriend and step dog. I also dont want to risk losing my job. I really love my work.         Being so young and in such poor health is devastating.         My condition is so complicated that I am worried about finding a doctor that is interested in getting to the bottom of it. You would think that more doctors would be interested in solving a puzzle. Not only do I have CRPS but I have it in my entire body and never had an initial injury that caused it. It also didn't seem to have ever started in one place and then spread, it has just always been everywhere. I still have yet to hear of anyone who had the same.        Everything is so convoluted.    For the past few months my pain has been getting worse, in the past month it became unbearable and I had to take time off work. I have been trying to figure out how to get help. Last Sunday I went to the ER because the pain in my hips and jaw was so bad. They gave me norco for it and they knew I had an appointment set up to take care of it.       Today I finally had an appointment with a pain specialist and he basically told me that I am too far fucked up for him to even know where to begin treating me. He didn't even know people with my condition could have it in their entire body. And he told me he cant help me with the meds because he doesn't know how he is going to fix me. I feel shattered. The hope of not being in horrible pain 24/7 is now gone. I have no idea how I am supposed to get though this. He gave be a referral to a rheumatologist so I will pursue that. I just dont want to get my hopes up.       Edit: I called the rheumatologist to make an appointment and the lady checked with him and apparently he said that he doesn't treat my condition and that I should see a pain specialist. Fucking seriously?        On the bright side I called my GP and told her everything that happened and that I just dont know what to do and she prescribed me some more of the pain pills I got from the ER. So at least theres that. They dont help as much as I would like but its a lot better than nothing.    I thought it would be good to start a thread for everyone to vent and discuss the things we cant do anymore. From little things to the things that we are passionate about. What do you miss most? What are some alternative things you have found to occupy yourself? Maybe we can throw around some ideas and help each other out?        I'm currently not able to work until I can get treatment. Its sad because I work with rescue dogs and miss them and I miss being active. Before that I was a working musician and performer. I fell out of it for a few reasons but part of it is that I cant do the traveling and making it out all the time on my bike. I play washtub bass which is too physically demanding and a banjo ukulele that I can play but only for so long and my fingers hurt later. And now even singing is a problem because my jaw pain is so severe.        I also used to do sideshow performing, primarily as a contortionist. As you can imagine that is no longer an option (not to mention things like the bed of nails which is way out of the question). I really miss it. I miss doing shows and getting free drinks and having a blast. Now I'm in bed constantly while all my friends go on bike rides and have fun. Its even difficult for me to do a puzzle I'm working on.    And I hated it. I'm 22, at a reasonable weight,  and dont look sick. Today I'm having a high pain day. Usually I don't need a scooter or I just sit in the cart and make my boyfriend push me because I would rather look like I'm dicking around then like I have health problems.      Anyway, the variety of looks I got made me incredibly uncomfortable. Being a white punk in a dominantly black southern area that happens a lot anyway. Haha. But a lot of the looks were either the sympathetic 'bless yer heart' looks or they would look at me like I'm a jerk for using a scooter that someone unwell might need. When I was returning the scooter a guy came up to me and with a dirty look said "Can I have that?". Yeah dude, I'm half way off.      Luckily I'm not as irritable as some days. I just wanted to vent to some people who understand having an invisible disease. I know this is not a major issue,  but its the little things we have to deal with.       Edit: You guys are fantastic.    The reoccurring dream I had happened during the same dream session. It happened once, I dreamt about some other things, and then it happened again. Pretty abnormal or me.      What happened is I was in a car someone else was driving and I was giving directions. We took a ramp that came to a rusty metal bridge that crossed the bay where I live and once we were on it I realized that the bridge just ended and we had to stop so not to drive off into the water. It was only afterwards when I got out of the car that it was scary. For some reason it just ended and there were no signs on the way indicating danger. When I got out I walked to the edge to look down into the water and saw a semi truck that had drove off and landed in the water which was fairly shallow as I could see the floor of the bay. The truck was standing vertically with its front end on the floor and its back end up in the air, half way submerged. Then it tipped over. And when I headed back to get off the bridge it was smaller and had lots of rusty metal posts and bars both vertical and horizontal that I had to dip and climb through. Like a little obstacle. Im an agile person so it wasn't difficult.       The second time it happened it was all exactly the same except for this time there were two semi trucks next to each other in the same situation as the first one. There was also several men in the water heading towards the trucks, like they were a rescue team. The trucks both tipped over before the men got to them. When I headed back it was the same obstacle but this time it was more memorable. There was also a little girl I was with waiting for me who I had to tell to stay there.       I also just had another dream that stands out, I don't remember a lot of the context but I was breaking my foot. Like I jammed it in a doorway between the frame and something else and slammed the door on my foot. It had something to do with giving up being a dancer which I was in my dream as well as in reality. It was a strangely desperate act.       These dreams feel significant somehow, more so than my usual dreams. Thought I would share if anyone found them interesting or wanted to give me their opinion on what they might mean.   I have had pain for as long as I can remember,  it got worse in my teens and I was diagnosed with CRPS at 16. Since then I have pretty much gone untreated, though I take Tylenol and ibuprofen regularly off and on.      Since I have been working a more physically demanding job I have gotten 40 times worse. Sometimes I cant get dressed in the morning, other times I would come home from work and have to sleep on the couch because my bed was a loft and I couldn't climb the five stairs. There are good days and bad days but it was getting to be too much, I got prescribed cymbalta for my clinical depression and that has helped. But now I am having situational depression and its making my pain more than I can handle.  A week ago I had to have a procedure done, it has caused a lot of my depression and kept me out of work a bit. For the procedure I was prescribed 10 Tylenol 3 tablets with two refills. It definitely dulled the pain it was prescribed for, and it almost eliminated my regular daily pain. Because of the situation I didn't even realize that I wasnt in pain until I needed a refill and my pharmacy was closed. When my pain came back I couldn't believe I was in that kind of pain constantly.  How do I do this every day and also work all week? Im only 22, how can I look forward to anything when its all downhill from here?       When that happened I broke down because its all too much. Work, pain, procedure, pain, work. Lucky for me my boyfriend is here for me. I have decided I need to try and take some time off work. Which is a whole other issue trying to secure my place there. But I need to find a pain doctor,  and I need time to get myself better. I just want to be able to work, but right now I'm miserable at work because I'm in pain and irritable. Its also stressful that I may be risking my job which is one of the most important things to me. I dont get paid great but I work with rescue dogs and I don't know what I would do if I didn't have that.        Its really hard to not just be angry about everything. I feel like I'm being cheated out of my life.    I was diagnosed at 16 with CRPS that effects my entire body, I'm now 22 and have been functioning through my pain since then. They had me doing physical therapy for a bit but I stopped because of the commute and it wasn't helping.         A few months ago my pain and depression became so severe that I finally found a doctor and was prescribed cymbalta which has virtually made my depression a non issue. My pain on the other hand has not gotten better, in fact it has become worse since I started a more physically demanding job. My doctors response was to double my dose which still didn't help so I'm planning to go in again soon and see what can be done.     One of the struggles I have with my health is that I feel like I'm faking it due to my surroundings seeing as no one can really understand. Its like my disease is some  kind of mythical creature or I'm just being dramatic. I take it that this is not uncommon? I mean besides my truly empathetic loved ones no one will be able to grasp  the severity of my condition.  Its not like my pain is visible (unless I have hives).      On that note, like many of us I have to fake it most of the time and suppress the fact that I'm in pain and exausted. I have to support myself somehow and if I were to go on disability I would become lazy and miserable. So I work six hours a day six days a week mostly being pulled around by pit bulls and other dirty jobs. I probably should do something less physical but I love those dogs too much.    Anyway (im real bad at words n stuff) I really just wanted to hear from others with chronic pain and specifically CRPS as I have never talked to anyone with the same condition as me. Im wondering how it effects others.    Except of course the dark place my mind is trapped in. The past month everything has been fine. I started cymbalta which has almost completely suppressed my depression and anxiety, I have a great job now, and my boyfriend has been awesome. The only thing that has been shitty is my health. Im in pain constantly because of a disease I have and my job requires physical labor as well as riding my dumpy bike to and from work. Sometimes I come home and just sob because of the pain but emotionally I have been pretty stable dispite that. But this morning before I woke up I had some really disturbing dreams. I dont know if many other people experience this but sometimes when I have dreams like this the bad feeling they give stick around. I cant shake them. And I cant sleep. I dont know whats going on with me. Everything has been fine until today. I don't want to go to work tomorrow.          Mainly looking for resources about training specifically to her needs. I work at a dog rescue as of recently and new I would fall in love with one of them and bring hone home. And well, I found her. So here's my situation.     I live with my boyfriend and roommates as well as my step dog. My step dog (Lucifer) is almost three and male. He is pretty well trained (he listens and understands amazingly) but he is extremely aggressive and anxious with strangers as he is also a rescue. He gets along with female dogs easily and sometimes with males. So I knew I would have to pick a girl dog. Which leads me to Beetle.       I absolutely fell in love with her (along with a couple others) and decided she would be the one to take home based on her personality knowing she will fit in great with our little family. She is extremely friendly and VERY hyper. Not sure of her age but I was looking at her teeth yesterday and she is probably around three. Also she is probably some sort of black lab, German shepherd, pit mix. Mostly lab I think. The problems Im going to have with training her is basic obedience. She doesnt listen well or know commands, she jumps up on everyone, and she bites at her leash sometimes. Occasionally I can get her to listen like with the leash biting. I just worry about training her at her age.      Any tips or online resources would be greatly appreciated.      Edit: Heres my Beetle. http://imgur.com/rfd2uIa http://imgur.com/BSa6zhL   I love my boyfriend. And I love our dog. Its technically his dog that he has had for a few years. Hes a big, dumb, loving doberman. I have known them both for about a year but at this point my boyfriend even refers to me as his mom. Now since my boyfriend has had the dog longer I feel like I dont really have veto power to banish the dog from the bed.      Heres my thing. I don't actually have an issue with the act of the dog being in the bed with us. What I dont like is the bed being covered in short little hairs and stinking completely like dog. Another issue is that we dont have a washer and dryer on top of the fact that we ride bikes and dont have a car. I happen to be the person in the relationship that has a friend with a washer and dryer. So I do all of our laundry. Which is fine when its just clothes. Not bedding.       On top of all that a couple weeks ago the dog got sick and puked all over our bed. Ok. It happens. I spent half a day at my friends doing the laundry. Today I come home from work and the dog peed on the bed for the second time in the last couple days. Not sure why that is happening because he NEVER pees on the bed. If it were a regular thing I can see why I could banish the dog. But he has always slept on the bed. Usually its fine besides the fact that he is stinky.        So reddit, would I be a wicked step mother if I wanted the bed to just be a place for humans? What are the rules of these short of things when you start seeing someone with pets?   tl;dr: What are the rules with pets and SOs?          Edit: You guys are awesome. I want to reply to yall individually bit im on mobile. So youre right, I should get a dog bed. The only thing is we are up on a loft bed (we built it with stairs so the dog could get up) so I suppose the bed would have to go on our little landing. I will have to talk to my guy. Maybe we can still keep the dog on the bed on cold nights and such.   I would really love to learn more songs as im planning to get back into busking. Im a female musician, I sing and play a banjo uke. Ideally it would be great to learn more jazz and blues stuff but I also love bluegrass and my style is not horribly limited so anything helps. I love spooky melodic vocals. Also if anyone knows of other sub reddits I could x post to that would be great. Here is what I have so far for my set list... (I know many more songs but I have decided that these are the only ones I want to perform).       Hey there little red riding hood by sam sham.         St. James infermary.        Fat gal by (merle?) Haggard.       Tonight you belong to me (not sure about who its by, from the jerk)        honkey cat by elton john.      You know im no good by amy winehouse.      Junk bones by dark dark dark.      Stephanie says by the velvet underground.     Oh my darlin clementine (I do this in a minor key because its a really dark song)      gracefully facedown by the devil makes three      lonesome whistle by hank williams.               There are a few more songs im considering for that list but im not sure. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Also, im on my phone so I apologize for the bad punctuation and so on.   I dont know much about computers. So I need to be explained to about these things like an idiot. All I know is that I need some antivirus software and I have a Toshiba laptop. Sorry for being that guy.    My boyfriend and I like the song and wanted to figure it out but haven't and I'm out of town for a bit and would like to surprise him with it. Im on a banjo uke and I'm not the most experienced musician. So I haven't gotten past figuring out the first couple chords. Its Eb, D7 and C7? Maybe not C7. But something like that. It would be much appreciated if one of yall could help me out. I REALLY want to learn this. If you help me out I will send you a video of me playing it or something of you like.   Anyone that does anything even remotely creative, how do you keep the creative energy flowing? What do you do when you're feeling artistically constipated?   This is silly but I have been curious. I have never heard of anyone that dislikes potatoes entirely.  Naturally there are people who dont like certain ways potatoes can be prepared.  But does anyone just not like them all together?    I dont know about dog behavior in too much depth. I get basic things and absolutely love dogs.  But maybe yall could help. My dogs name is Lucifer,  hes half Doberman half Rodsian ridgeback. The thing is hes actually not my dog which is why im not entirely sure what the hell im doing. My boyfriend ended up getting himself incarcerated so I have been taking care of Lulu while he is gone. Naturally Lucifer is somewhat depressed but for the most part he has been fine because we have bonded a lot and seems to love his step mom. But the past few days he has acted distant. I couldnt get him out from under the bed for most of this evening, though that could have a bit to do with the bath I gave him. He also started barking at nothing at one point. Im just worried that these could be signs of a medical issue. He has fleas that I have actively been trying to get rid of. I know hes itchy and uncomfortable and has chewed off some of the fur on his back. I just feel awful.  I want him to feel better but I feel like a bad dog mom. I could be doing better.  Its difficult. Any insight is appreciated. And sorry about the formatting and punctuation and so on. Im on mobile.    So I was with some friends at a nice hotel because they had one and I needed to get away from my life. So were hanging out and swimming and drinking champagne.  The night goes on and most of us are in the room. I decided I wanted to swim some more so I ask one of the boys if he wants to come with. Naturally he obliged because ya know. Girl in a bikini.  So were out there, I swim a little, and he was trying to figure out how to climb onto some things to jump off into the pool. "Why dont you jump off that wall?" I say, and he says "Because its too hard to get up." Being the girl I am I took that as a challenge.  So while hes still distracted I sneak over to the gate and get on top of the wall relatively gracefully and proceed to say "Oh yeah, its so hard to get up." As he realizes Im somehow magically on top of the wall I realize that the whole top of it is completely covered in broken glass. I was not aware that was a common deterrent for birds (and I guess drunk assholes). So I get myself down alright but not before I manage to get many small but deep and bloody cuts all over my legs and feet. Luckily when I went to the front desk for band aids and such the guy didnt ask questions. Im trying to take care of the cuts but I live in a dirty city where a lot of people easily get staff infections and MRSA. I really hope I can avoid that.      Edit: Sorry for bad formatting and grammar and such. Im on mobile.                     Someone recently posted about a 30's (I think) vintage, gypsy-esque style. There was a name for it but I cant recall. They posted some lovely pictures of it. Its driving me crazy. Google wasn't helping so you guys are my only hope.                                                       Like living situation, shared belongings, etc. Whatever comes to mind.     My current situation is that my [ex]boyfriend who I live with at a friends house just broke up with me and he thinks that I should move out. Now these are mutual friends, though he knows them through me. I have known them for a couple years, he has known them for about six months. So in theory if anyone should move out its not me. But what I want to know it that even if we knew said friends equally who would have the right to stay? I think that if you decide you don't want to be with someone and they haven't done anything wrong you should be prepared to move out of the mutual housing. And its already unfair enough to impact someones life so heavily without adding even more stressful shit.     But anyway, input, opinions, stories welcome.     I'm having a rough time and I'm hoping my favorite online community will come through for me.     Also, sorry for any bad wording or anything that doesn't make sense. I just had dental work and am functioning on pain pills.     EDIT: A couple words.   I'm a [female] musician looking to find stuff to cover or get inspiration from and I think the right blues and I complement each other well. The problem is that I don't know my way around blues well. I'm looking for the slower, lounge, sad stuff. Anybody have any suggestions? Female blues musicians may be the right direction but I'm not sure. Any suggestions are appreciated.    I'm kind of scared and I'm hoping I will get the gas. And my jaw hurts so bad I cant chew my food. But I'm at my dads and I don't have a lot of options. I already have TMJ so it took me a couple weeks to realize the pain was because I have neglected to get the root canal I need. Hopefully my dentist will be accommodating. Acetaminophen isn't quite cutting it.            Been doing a few stencils lately so I can sell/barter patches and such. Stencils are somewhat new to me but art and using a craft knife is not. Mostly been making smaller one layer with decent detail. But I have yet to get my brain to work in two layer stencil form and was hoping someone could help.     This guy: http://i.imgur.com/vM4P3Iy.jpg     Thanks.   It has been over a year since I have gotten a tattoo and I'm so desperate for one. I have tons of ideas that I know I want but I'm curious on thoughts on the one I want next. I was thinking I want the red armband that Pocahontas has, but red is not a great color for me. So I was thinking of getting it in white. What do you guys think? I know the tattoo is a little silly. But I think it would be great looking. And ya know. Reasons.            Its strange to think we wouldn't exist if it weren't for that one time our parents met. My dad told me about when he met my mom and it got me interested. My entire existence was literally based on the flip of a coin. I'm hoping the rest of you have some cool stories.            I dont know if this has been done recently but I havent seen one and it seems like a good idea.            May be leaving the Pacific North West and heading south. I know I can get across the border on foot with no passport, my friends seem to have no problem. I want to go meet up with a friend but will be in a car. So Im wondering if anyone has any good feedback.                              For whomever find penises ideal.     Edit: I mean size, shape, etc. And for the record, I am a straight female. Just wondering what is generally preferable.                        Also I have a sister and my sweater is red. Slightly hungry.   You can be so wonderfully plentiful. But then I have to buy cream cheese. Thought I should share.        	112
    I'm giving it to her tomorrow being nervous and all I spelled Louis instead if Lois now I shall change that         Must be from newyork      I did post this to /r/keto but it didn't workout for me so now me and one of my teachers are going to start working out after school   Elephant trunk       Make it blue cause you don't really see a blue duck      He made it      Um no                Batman isn't blue they should have superman instead   Spider-man*                        It was joke that no one got:(         Sarah Jessica parker?   After I took the pic,5 min later(was checking my text before I drive) they came out to the car   Glitch in the matrix      "Would you like some alovara?, Cause you just got burned" -Sheldon cooper   Oh god your one of those people      But it's still delisous                What game is this?            That songs so awesome why so much hate   That songs amazing man or miss      Batman doesn't kill   My dog sit like that too   I forgot to mention this was on my feed  it was one of my friends      http://i.imgur.com/tgLDV.jpg your dog looks just like mine what breed is it?                        Its funny cause their black and can't read!      Wow this is just sad trying to get karma,you have a problem my friend    How is this not cute oh yah it's not a cat !           	68
    Ambiguous header but true. I've survived suicide attempts (both my own and that of family members), self-harm, domestic abuse of a parent, depression, anxiety, bulimia and more.  I remember feeling so alone and like a freak for being different to everybody else. I founded The Unmarked Road to share my story, in hope it gives comfort to those going through hard times and struggling with their thoughts and emotions.  **Your past does not have to define your future.**  No matter how dark things appear, there is always a light. I know this because I have come out the other side of some of the deepest depth of despair imaginable.   Through sharing our experiences, we can end the stigma of mental health together. I welcome all of you to share your stories with me.  Dani xx  [My Suicide Attempt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrVz8vewh9w)  For more visit: [The Unmarked Road](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com)  	2
 Cat.    Thank you for watching out for the little guys :)    This makes me want to go hug my mother and thank her for everything she's done for me.. :(     Ellie    Aww goat loaf!    The teeth ಠ_ಠ   Snap. *sigh*   I called her again this morning. She claimed I called her first and when I told her that I only called in response to her leaving a voicemail, she said her friends did it. Then she apologized and said it won't happen again and hung up.   I googled her number, nothing..    Today I got around 10 calls from an unknown number (one of them being a FaceTime call). I typically do not pick up calls from numbers I don't recognize but they ended up leaving a strange voicemail. There was a lot of background noise but it was of a woman talking saying stuff like "we're in love, my husband, etc." A little curious now, I called the number and asked her what was going on and why she called me so many times. Same background noise.. she said she was part of a real estate agency and then apologized and said it was her son playing with her phone. As I was about to hang up, she asked me "do you love me?" uhhh.. I replied with "what do you mean?" and she said "I'm your real estate agent, do you love me?"   I'm kind of freaked out. Has this happened to anyone nearby?    I'm not looking or wanting to get back with him. I'm just asking about the guilt I'm feeling.    I started dating my ex when I was 17 and he was 16, we were best friends and we dated for 3.5 years and were in love for most of that time. Last september, after fighting a lot, I started to drift away from our relationship and felt extremely taken for granted. I heard about the site POF (a dating site) and signed up, just because I wanted someone to talk to, not for the purpose of finding a date. But, I began talking to a lot of guys and really began putting a lot of time into talking to guys I met on there and neglecting my boyfriend (at the time). Eventually, I met a guy who lived close to me, we had mutual friends and agreed to meet up with him. I even lied to my boyfriend and told him that I had a doctors appointment after classes and had to go home earlier than usual, just to meet that guy. We ended up having sex twice and haven't really spoked since.   After our last meeting, I called my boyfriend and confessed what I did. He was absolutely crushed but wanted to stay together since he loved me. But, I told him that I no longer loved him or found him attractive so we decided to stay friends. I didn't really feel any guilt at the time because I felt as if it was justified at the time (due to the way he sometimes treated me during our relationship).   A few weeks later, I started seeing this guy who I was really into. My ex was furious and questioned how I could move on so fast. He told me he hated me and never wanted to see/speak to me again. I tried multiple times to talk to him since then without success. He still hates me and still doesn't want to talk to me.   Since then, I've been really happy in my relationship and he's been dating a new girl and they seem happy. But, recently, I've been thinking about our relationship and the things I missed about it. I don't miss him but I now realize how close we were and how much we had in common. Sometimes, I'd just think about things we talked about or the little inside jokes we had. I feel extremely guilty for what I did and I fully deserve the way he is treating me now, I do not expect him to forgive me. I brought this upon myself as I was not acting in a mature way about the whole situation from the very start but the guilt is really eating me up inside. I miss my best friend but I am absolutely in love with my current boyfriend. I do not know what to do about these feelings. I feel so guilty about (a) what I did to my ex, and (b) how these feelings about my ex might affect my current boyfriend.   tl;dr: cheated on ex/best friend, he cut off all contact, we moved on with our lives and I'm happy in my current relationship but I feel extremely guilty.    I basically met the man of my dreams a few months ago, we started dating and everything is going amazing.. but I can't seem to let go a few aspects of his past. I know it's irrational, pointless and quite frankly none of my business what he did in the past but it still bothers me. He lost his virginity to one of this high school teachers at age 15. I've asked him about it but he only gave me a vague recollection of it and told me not to worry about it.. yet I still do. How do I go about forgetting this?   **tl;dr**: can't accept the fact that boyfriend lost virginity to his high school teacher.    	12
 This is incredible!   Kipper. I loved his super grown-up British accent.   OMG I LOVE THIS SHOW!!! I would probably still watch it today if I could find it.   Wait. Lego LoTR is for kids?   The feels!      70.  No 69 jokes?   At first I thought he was standing backwards over his bike.   I came here to say there's a good pun in here somewhere. This was it. Thanks, redditor.   TIL the meaning of the word "scause".   Been in that sub now for an hour. Thanks.   Good lord.   Thanks for being the source of my internet failure this morning, OP.   It took me a good minute to figure out what was going on here.   I saw this while laying in bed last night and immediately regretted my decision to be on reddit at 3am.   I made myself a busy person. Job, school, two companies, significant other, friends who will still come back if I ignore them for a while. I only really get bored on the weekends when I'm trying my best to ignore my work email.   OP what are you, gender-wise?  I only date men, but I'm attracted to other women almost as equally.   "If you were a true psychopath you wouldn't ever admit it" or "You can't be a sociopath because you do xyz-thing-that-normal-people-do"  Bitch shut the fuck up. It took me years of therapy to be able to admit it and start doing normal things and unless you have an advanced degree in abnormal psychology, I don't want to hear your opinionated "facts" about what ASPD/psychopathy is or is not.   Can we please go back to this tradition?   I-95 south to 295 south, then went the wrong way on 64. Apparently 64 and 295 meet up more than once? 295 always confuses me because I always seem to be taking 295 south, regardless of which way I'm traveling.   I have 600+ hours in the Elder Scrolls series.   It's a drive I've done a few times, so I didn't bother with the GPS. I was running on maybe 6 or 7 hours of sleep since Friday morning, and had worked 37 hours over the course of two and a half days, so my brain was not anywhere near working properly.   I just drove home from an extremely exhausting weekend event. This was suppose to be a four hour drive, and it turned into nearly six and a half, with no stops and no traffic.  I get on the highway to go home, heading south. About 45 minutes in there is a junction and I can either take I-64 East or I-64 West. In my exhausted state, it somehow makes sense for me to go east. I'll note here that I live in southwest VA. So I'm driving along and I see a sign that tells me VA Beach is around 65 miles away or something like that. That should have been my first clue. But instead of wondering why I'm being told how far away VA Beach is when I'm suppose to be traveling away from it, I think "Oh cool I'm close to VA Beach, maybe I'll stop there!" And I keep driving. **For an hour.** Finally, I see a sign about the infamous bridge-tunnel, and that's when the red flags start going up in my head. I very slowly realized my mistake. It was not a good realization. I was already exhausted and just wanted to be home, and I'd just added two hours, at least, to my trip. Also wasted a quarter tank of gas. I angrily turned around and made my way home.  tl;dr Went the wrong direction on the highway, didn't realize for an hour.   Example: boyfriend texts me to go pick him up. I'm sitting on reddit writing a particularly lengthy comment. I text him back with a lie, saying that I was finishing up a work email and would be on my way in a minute. I didn't even think about it; I just said it.  Anyone else lie about the most asinine things for no reason at all?   I usually become suspicious of somewhen when I notice their reactions to things. I think a huge tell (and one that's really hard for me to fake) is the reaction to a bad situation. Example: my friend left my apt the other night, I immediately got into bed because I was exhausted. Friend knocks on door and says car has been towed. I'm just like "well that sucks. Goodnight". I assume normal people would want to help or something. I got called out on that. So if I see someone have a reaction like that when they should be more engaged, it throws a flag. Then I observe their other behavior and figure out if I think they are part of the 1% or if they just have trouble dealing with certain situations.  Also ITT: "let's argue about how many psychopaths we may or may not come in contact with." C'mon guys, we've been doing so well lately. The reality of it is this: the best guess that science can give is that 1% of the population suffers from some severity of ASPD. That's 1 in 100 people. In a typical day you will probably come into contact with more than 100 people, assuming you do things like go to lunch at a restaurant or work in a building with other people or walk around a college campus, etc. I think the more valid point is that you don't directly interact with over 100 people a day. So while the likelihood of you being in close proximity with a psychopath is not terribly low, the chances of you actually befriending one is slim.   It's less mood and more preference. I hate the cold. I hate the rain. I want it to be 75ºF and sunny at all times. When it deviates from that I don't like it. It doesn't change my mood though.   You're literally just naming suicide missions.   **This is the greatest story I've ever seen in this sub.**  I'm usually the bitch who's guilty of sweater-stealing (I think I have three that belong to the boyfriend right now), and I'm assuming she's not a psychopath, so I have nothing good to offer.  Please keep us updated on how this turns out.      The article cuts off the reason why the people who beat up the gay couple can't be charged with a hate crime. Anyone know the reason?   Learned this playing Alchemy.   Yep, pretty much this.      Hi all. New to the sub. I've never actually been involved in any migraine help community and I don't actually know anyone else who is afflicted.  I've been having weekly migraines since I was a teenager. I read a lot about going into a dark, quiet room and laying down, but that never seems to make a difference. I noticed a while back though that I seem to be temperature sensitive. During the migraine, I go through hot and cold changes. One minute I'll be burning up and having cold sweats and then the next I'll be shivering, like the cold is coming from the inside and no amount of sweatshirt or blanket can make me warm..  Also, laying down makes everything worse. I find that the pain is most manageable when I'm standing or walking around. I spend a lot of time pacing the floor.  Do these things happen to anyone else? Any opinions or tales from experience? Dunno if it's helpful or not, but I'm on sumatriptan 50mg.   We see it all the time. Someone tapping their foot or fingers to the music in their car, or even music in the doctor's office waiting room. Why is that?   Here's the background: for as long as I can remember (at least as young as 10 years old) my ears have felt clogged up. I try to yawn or move my jaw around or hold my nose while blowing to try and get them to pop, but they won't. Sometimes I have autophony. When I try to make them pop, I just hear some crackling, like they're trying to, but the pressure won't equalize. I can't go under 5-6 feet of water without it being excruciating because the pressure won't equalize. Oddly, I have zero problems with flying. It's extremely uncomfortable and I just want my ears to be normal. I've had hearing tests done and I have no loss of hearing. They've tested the pressure behind my eardrum and found it to be normal.  I've been to 4 ENTs. The first 2 told me I had allergies and told me to take daily Claritin and stay indoors. Tried daily allergy meds for a few months with no change. Staying indoors is not an option. I've never had allergy problems in my life, but I was willing to give anything a go. After that didn't work, ENT told me I would just have to live with it. Third ENT told me the same thing.  Fourth ENT was the first to actually try real solutions, and even though he couldn't fix me, I still thank him enormously for trying. He put me on two months of steroid nasal spray. When that did nothing, we decided to undergo the placement of tubes in my ears. I had that surgery three weeks ago. There is still no change. At my follow-up yesterday he has now told me there's nothing else to be done. He says sometimes the nerves send a signal of fullness to the brain so that it feels congested when it's really not. I can't accept this, because then the water depth wouldn't be an issue and I wouldn't get that crackling sound when I move my jaw around. Also, the autophony probably would not be an issue if it was just pesky nerves.  reddit, there must be something to be done. The congestion makes me want to stab holes in the side of my face as if that would help relieve it, and it feels like this all day, every day, for the past 15 years at least. I will answer any questions that may help solve this mystery.  Please help!               I have both a MBA and a MBP. I need to transfer the same set of files to 250 USB drives. I've been doing Google searches for good software to complete this, and everything I've found is either Windows only, or it's designed for hard drive back-ups. Any software suggestions? Thanks!               I use the two-finger trackpad gesture to go to the previous web page (quick for looking at pictures and such). Worked fine for the three weeks I've had this laptop. Installed RES 10 minutes ago and now it's not working. It causes Safari to freeze the current web page. The program itself works fine, other tabs that are open are not affected, but the tab that I'm in to try to swipe back freezes, regardless of if it is reddit or not. When it freezes, it moves maybe 10 pixels to the right, as if it's started to swipe back, and then sticks there and becomes unresponsive. I'm unable to open a new tab or navigate away from the current page. If it's the only tab open I have to restart Safari. I am able to close out of the affected tab.  Screenshots: [here](http://imgur.com/owtPxHw) and [here]( http://imgur.com/rBImvZc)  - RES Version: 4.5.0.2 - Browser: Safari - Browser Version: 7 - Cookies Enabled: true - Platform: Mac  - Did you search /r/RESIssues before submitting this:   Searched, did not find anything. Also, I'm bad at searching.  - Please list any other extensions you run (especially things like ad blockers, privacy extensions, etc):   Brand new MacBook; this is the first extension I've installed    I'm in the States. I have a tiny portfolio, partly because I can't really share the stuff I've done for the company I work for. I do front-end development/design work. I specialize in HTML5 and CSS3, with some jQuery thrown in for things I can't accomplish in CSS. I can do enough PHP for an email contact form. I would like to do personal/resume websites or small business pages, mainly static pages, but any opportunity I can take to help build a good portfolio would be appreciated.  Shoot me a PM if you need some work done.      I'm creating a video in iMovie 10 that needs to play as portrait on an iPhone 5. I can't find a way to make the video the correct size/aspect ratio. It needs to be 9:16 (I'm pretty sure). I really would just like to be able to crop the sides off the picture. Any advice or help? TIA.   My boss has tasked me with doing video editing, and seeing as I'm a programmer, I have zero clue about what I'm doing. I've watched enough YouTube tutorials to know how the software works, but now I'm getting into the content and I'm lost.  There is around 30 minutes of work-out video and I need to cut it down to a 30-ish second preview. There is only one camera angle, and it's relatively wide. I have no control over filming; I just get the finished videos handed to me from above.  There are over 20 series' I need to do this for. I'm using iMovie 10.0.3 on a MacBook Air.  What should I be looking to pull into a preview? Just playing around with the first series I managed 23 seconds, including a 4 second title. I just took a few seconds here and there showing different movements and with the trainer saying motivating or explanatory things, and crossfaded them together. Now I'm stuck on how to end it, and I really don't think the current 23 seconds that I have is any good. This is content that will be pushed to clients, so I need it to be at least halfway decent.  Everything I find by doing a Google search relates to movie editing and things with different camera angles and lots of dialogue and none of it is relevant. Any tips or advice is much needed and greatly appreciated.   "“A lot of doctors and other mental health professionals just throw up their arms, and say, ‘What’s the point of even identifying antisocial personality disorder? What are we going to do with these people?’” said Donald W. Black, M.D., a professor of psychiatry at the University of Iowa Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine in Iowa City."  Not even the mental health professionals know what to do with us.  Also, that is the longest name of a university department college I have ever seen.  [Article here](http://psychcentral.com/blog/archives/2013/04/06/surprising-myths-facts-about-antisocial-personality-disorder/) It's an article titled "Surprising Myths  Facts About ASPD". I'm not sure if the article is worth the read, mainly because I doubt the validity of some of the data. Maybe worth a skim through.                  I'm not a particularly active person, but I'm not out of shape by any means. I do this thing every now and then where I'll run a mile and some every day or two, over the course of maybe a week, and then I stop for a month (or three). Is there any actual long-term benefit to doing this? I lack motivation to get into a runner's habit (working on that) and every now and then I get on a running kick. To put it in perspective, I use the Nike Run app and it tells me I've only run 11 miles so far this year. I tried to find some article to post, but no luck.   I'm pretty drunk. Thank god for autocorrect. I also just discovered video Snapchat so I think all my friends will either hate me, or be very amused, in the morning.  That is all.  Goodnight Reddit. I'm off to drink another bottle of wine.   I've done some reading but have yet to find any good research done on the observed differences in how ASPD presents in each gender. I know it's much more prevalent in men, so most of what I can find online is from the male perspective. What differences, if any, have you noticed when working with ASPD patients of both genders?   There have been a few embedded discussions here recently relating to the difference between men and women with ASPD. I've been doing some reading in a few psych medical journals to try and find some concrete research on it, but the majority of the studies use prison inmates. I have found that the current statistics are estimated at there being 1 woman diagnosed for every 3 men.  Has anyone done any research you can share? Or what have you guys observed if you know any ASPD people of the opposite gender? I know we have at least one other active female member on here who I'd like to hear from.  Edit** More info  I posted this over in /r/psychotherapy as well, to see what the therapists and psychology professionals had to contribute. One person said he/she noticed that men usually acted alone, where women usually had an equally antisocial male counterpart. Found that interesting.   Slow internet at work, so this is every single one for me. I feel like it takes away from the (supposed) awesomeness to see it before it's fully loaded.   I ask because I went to VA Tech and today is the 7th anniversary of the shooting. I went to high school with the shooter and two of the girls who were killed, one of which I knew decently. Because of those things, I always have some semblance of an emotional response to this day, although I can't figure out what it is. Sadness maybe? Remnants of what that day was like? I don't know. My emotional palate is small. Regardless, it's a day I stay away from people because everyone is emotional and doing that whole "we're part of something greater" community thing and I can't stand it. Some people a few years ago wanted me to go to the candlelight vigil at midnight, so I did. I spent the whole time reading everyone else's faces. It was people-watching gold.  I also have the unpopular opinion that 33 Hokies died that day, because I include the shooter in the death count. I said this to one person, once, and will never make that mistake again.  But other shootings and violent acts/natural disasters, I don't feel anything for at all. Boston Marathon, Sandy Hook, hurricanes destroying cities, etc. I have that attitude of, "well, that happened" and I barely give it a second thought.      I have a very small, old dog. I've found that I can just feed it and walk it and it doesn't require any attention other than that because he just lazes around the house all day. It's nice because he's barely there, so I haven't had an opportunity to really get bored with it, and he doesn't bother me. It's like having a moving piece of furniture that I have to buy food for.  It should be noted I suppose that I haven't had the desire to harm animals since I was young. People, yes, but I like animals.   These are happening naturally.  My first one was about a month ago. I was drifting off, and then my body felt like it was buzzing. It got so intense I could hardly stand it. I assume I entered the dream state at some point while the buzzing was going on because all at once the buzzing stopped and I was floating off of my bed, toward the ceiling. I know it wasn't an OBE because I looked down at the bed and my body wasn't there. I floated until I bumped into the ceiling. I was terrified and mustered all of my strength and screamed, which took me out of the dream. My roommate later told me that he'd heard me scream. I was so scared by what had happened that I couldn't sleep the rest of the night. Instead, I stayed up and researched as much as I could about lucid dreaming.  I was afraid to have another one through the following nights, but enough time passed that I stopped worrying about it, and I wrote it off as a one-time freak occurrence.  Until last night. I was drifting off and felt the buzzing again. Instead of being scared I tried to focus on it. Next I knew, I was floating around and out of my (closed) bedroom window. I dreamed I was exploring a little historical town. I was playing around with running and floating, and just controlling myself in general. The dream was so vivid. Normal dreams for me are blurry, or hazy, but this one was crystal clear, like I was really there on a bright sunny day. I could look around and go where I wanted. It was devoid of other people tho, or any action. It was just a little empty town, and me learning how to control my dream self.  I also noticed that I was aware of what my physical body was doing. I realized in the dream that I could float if I got a running start and kicked my legs, like swimming. I could feel my physical body moving my legs while I was doing that. Or if I turned my head to look at something, I knew my actual head was turning too. It almost felt like a part of me was caught between asleep and awake.  It lasted maybe ten minutes. I came out of it suddenly when I heard someone whisper "hey" in my ear and it sounded like it was whispered into my actual ear, and not my dream-self ear. (Note that I sleep alone.)  I'm very freaked out by the whole experience. I have done some research and looked through r/luciddreaming and noticed that a lot of you do this intentionally. Is it uncommon for it to happen naturally? Any advice as far as controlling it or dealing with it? Is my experience in line with a typical lucid dream? It's a frightening experience for me and any words of wisdom are appreciated.  tl;dr: Started having LD naturally. Freaked out. Help.                  Do we know of any others with a vortex manipulator? And we don't know any other handsome time agents with them. Hint drop by Moffat maybe?                  Making a mock business website to add to my "I'm new to web dev" portfolio and my positioning is making me want to put my head through my computer screen.  Can someone please offer some insight as to why the positioning is off and ways to correct the issue?  Open it in safari (if you have it) and chrome or firefox. In safari it looks like it should. The row of three pictures are horizontally inline with each other. Website is www.deveckodesigns.com/mock-portfolio/lawn-care.html  	77
 Haha and the best thing to do is just keep going on like nothing happened so everyone is all like http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/watch-out-we-got-a-badass-over-here-meme.png   Bit different but I'm a soccer player and have some pretty decent ball/foot skills and I once dropped a glass and managed to save it on my foot and flick it back up made me feel pretty badass too.   Sailor Moon   Should be a new meme, Shit Cunt Craig, bones your girlfriend then takes you both to the movies -_- tough break man  	4
 Had a coughing fit while bending over my bathroom sink, the angle I was standing at made my back seize up and I ended up damaging the sciatic nerve that runs down my leg and into my foot which meant my left foot was numb for about 3 months.   The day after your period ends...FREEDOM!!   Mr. Burns: Smithers, are they boo-ing me?  Smithers: Uh...no. They're saying boo-URNS, boo-URNS    Carpet Bag Steak   8 years ago I applied for a retail job selling handbags, the store manager told me that there was a promising second in charge role opening in the next few months and because of my experience he had worked hard to negotiate with HR so that I could be paid an additional 10 cents per hour...the pay would have come to $10.20 per hour. I appreciate his efforts but it made the company sound a bit too thrifty.   Thanks for the advice!! :)   Does anyone have any home remedies that actually work to cure a stubborn cold?   Lonely Hearts Club   Room for one more?? :(   You interpreted the question just fine. Your comment still stands.   Receivers - what were you really thinking when you got them?   Awesome!! Congrats :)   No beating around the bush - I like it!      Good work!   Congrats to you both!      Taylor Hanson. Yes.   When I was 23 I was diagnosed with severe Aplastic Anemia (rapid depletion of red and white blood cells as well as platelets) the same thing Marie Curie died of. I was given a pamphlet after my diagnosis that stated 80% of people diagnosed who do not receive treatment die within a year.    Unconditional love and support from true friends...and BACON   My mother stood up for my eldest bro when he didn't want to do a blood test to see if he was a bonemarrow match when I was severely ill and needing a bonemarrow transplant...her reasoning - he doesn't want to take time off work.    Attractive guys crying and watching Transformers...that Optimus Prime...   care to elaborate?   Not weird at all! I can completely relate.   Crime and Guilt - Ferdinand von Schirach... :S   A know it all with no integrity and a sense of entitlement   Alarm clock   sorry!!   Mine had a great laugh.      Making sure my vag doesn't appear to be munching on my pants in a hungry fashion aka cameltoe   My ex used to do the same thing except he would ask me to wash and dry his outfit for him!!   Up until the beginning of this year I had been friends with this person for 11 years since our uni days. In hindsight, it was a toxic friendship - I had to constantly walk on eggshells for fear of pissing him off, he constantly had tantrums, was very calculative and he only helped others if it benefited him. Everyone was scared to stand up to him because we didn't want to rock the boat.   After coming home from a road trip with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday I spoke to a mutual friend about how hurt I was that this friend constantly sulked, got angry and even gave me the silent treatment for a couple of hours. This "friend" had told me on my birthday that when friends piss him off, he likes to make them feel like shit. That was the last straw for me, that's not what friendship is about.  This mutual friend told this guy what I had said and obviously this "friend" of mine was royally pissed and started ignoring me while trying to gather a merry band of idiots to turn against me as well. He managed to turn another friend I had known for 11 years against me but was unsuccessful with the others. (We're all in our late to early 30s)  We never patched things up, I was very upset about it all for months but then I started realising that I was finally free of this toxic influence in my life and I could now enjoy the friendships I choose to nurture. It's not about how long you've known the person, it's about the kind of influence they have that matters for example, whether they're positive and supportive people. It's still very awkward when our original group gets together but it's OK, I'm spending most of my time now with wonderful amazing friends.   It's the simple things in life for me, I'm trying to appreciate what I have and concentrate my energy on the things I enjoy the most in order to find my own inner happiness and contentment. My biggest problem I'm trying to work on is to continue to work towards issues within my circle of influence rather than factors that I have no control over (circle of concern).   I'm from New Zealand - my impressions of the following states:  Texas - Steak all day everyday Florida - Key Lime Pie Louisiana - Creole shrimp, okra and collard greens Maine - Clam Chowder NYC - Street vendor hot dogs Hawaii- Spam Illinois - Deep dish Pizza     People who don't know how to queue and try to cut the line or stand beside you instead of behind you.   Not seeking professional help when I first needed it, instead I've wasted years going through periods of depression and self-loathing - not realising that I was the reason for my own unhappiness.    Bacon.   Good luck!! :)   A Beef Wellington would impress me!   You ABSOLUTELY need to give it a shot before you move away! Good Luck!      Were you guys able to recover from it?   Did they work?      If only I could figure out how to clone you....I'd make a fortune :)   Yikes! You're ridiculously hot and in my humble honest opinion - heads and shoulders above the rest of the boys on here ;P Keep on keeping on :)    Sherlock - Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman are awesome! A 2 year gap between seasons is far too long though.   	48
    "Duke Leto's Pet Puzzle"  ಠ_ಠ   This legitimately creeps me out   Whenever I meet anyone, I can't help but imagine what it would be like to have sex with them, or what they look like during sex...   YES! I also love reading to myself (normal talking volume or whispering) on occasion, if there's no one else within earshot, of course.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_satiation   Personally, I love just a little bit of shyness.  Oh my God, it's so adorable, and I don't even mean 'adorable' in a patronising sense, just plain attractive. I'm a shy person myself so maybe I just would prefer that to someone who is mega outgoing, which would be way too much for me to be around.   So, yeah, quiet/shy/introverted/introspective, that general family of traits...   This hurts in such a relatable way, OP...    Hey, hey guys...looks like...guys it looks like he made a...made a...   MOO-MAID...  Heh, get it? Get it guys? ....heh...   I'm not even sure I understood this. So disjointed  Reminds me of those threads on 4chan like "dubs says what I say next"...   Oh God the last one... D':   "hope you have a great Sunday!"   I never pictured them without hair either, although I must say I quite like the idea of them as bald.  "a bunch of Hellen Mirrens"  Oh God yes, somehow that is perfect.   The rest of Mark Zug's amazing artwork from the 1997 card game can be found here: http://markzug.com/dune/dune-the-card-game/   I particularly love this picture though, if anyone has a spare $1400 and is feeling generous then by all means feel free to buy me the original, available on his website :p      No you wouldn't. FUCK. Please report her OP, she could do this to other people. I'm so sorry for your terrible experience...   Is he always saying things and denying them later on? Or trying to make out that you're the crazy one? Don't even bother trying to call bullshit, just distance yourself from someone like that, no matter how you might feel about him.   I feel like I suddenly want to get really into everything Dune related at the moment, and I can't believe it's taken me until my early twenties to discover what a cool franchise it is! :D I'm genuinely quite excited to read on   Sweet, thanks for the input, folks. I was expecting there to be a bit more variation in people's suggestions but the general vibe I'm getting here is definitely original six first.  Maybe when I've finished those I'll dip into the others for funsies. Thanks all :3   Now let's all agree to never be creative again...   Yeah I've seen how controversial they appear to be with the fanbase and I must admit that I haven't found Paul of Dune to be anywhere near as enjoyable as Dune or the cheeky few chapters of other FH books in the Dune series I've glanced over in the past.   In Paul of Dune it just feels like I'm getting whisked through an assembly line of events that feel kind of flat. Were it not for the fact that I feel like maybe I'm learning a few more details about the Dune universe and getting a few bits and pieces reinforced for me I don't think I'd be as keen to read through it.  Thanks for your input, guys.   Coolio, I may as well carry on and finish Paul of Dune and then I'll see about finding copies of the other books after I've read Messiah :D Thanks.   Out of interest though, do you recommend reading them this way because it provides a better narrative or more due to the (presumably superior) quality of the Frank Herbert books over the others?   So, publishing order?   So after having read Dune for the first time some months ago I was kindly given a few of the sequels for Christmas (Paul of Dune, Dune Messiah, and Winds of Dune) by someone who isn't a fan of the books themselves but knew I liked the Dune franchise and that I wanted to read more. They say they got the suggested reading order (as I listed them) from snooping around online, but of course, given the many different ways there are of reading through the series, I'd imagine it's pretty open to interpretation.   I started Paul of Dune a few days ago and am now most of the way through it and appreciate that it reads completely differently to Frank's style (if I'm honest I'm not sure I enjoy it so much though, personally). My question is, as a newbie, is this the best way to go about reading the books? Should I have just read the original books first and gone back to fill in the gaps with the Brian/Kevin Anderson installments later on? Or should I plow on with my current trajectory (chronological from Dune onwards). Or some entirely other order? I'm very open to suggestions and advice at this point and would be grateful for your input :)   SO QUICK! YES! Thanks so much...oh man...that was a sad film...   To prolong the sugary goodness they keep sniffing the tin after they have run out and pour water into the tin to make a sort of drink out of what is left inside?  I think I'm going mad here, please help :p    I feel a bit disappointed with the clear Bilbo (the one I got) I would have loved to get Gandalf or Thorin instead. Might try swapping with someone or taking it upon myself to paint him for funsies   I found it was waaay too big for me. But I guess I do have tiny lady wrists so... Going to find a way to take some links out, maybe I'll donate them to you guys :p   I can't see this one mentioned anywhere yet so:  'Wilder' - by Gnesa http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF2o5RDkq9A  Those lyrics, the dancing, the off-keyness of it all, that almost sinister sounding melody...*shudder*   This...hurts my soul :(   I assumed they meant that it was their second painting specifically using their lovely new early Christmas present set... right?   To be fair, Santa did die for our sins, or something...?   "party like a" what?! I need to know now...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbCT5fXdhhc    34287edgy666me   Oh yes, also seconded with many of the sentiments here, some scenes/reactions/bits of acting made me wince...   I recently got around to watching it for the first time too. I have to say I absolutely love the aesthetics of it; I feel David Lynch really did bring something to it in that regard. The whole look and tone of it felt 'right' to me and only added to how I'd personally pictured things from the book. Different and separate from how I experience the books, but I like it well enough.  Beyond that though...yeah, "meh"..."meh" all the way, especially with all that inner dialogue. I've no doubt that a good film adaptation could somehow manage to capture all the introspection of the books but this one didn't quite.  I feel that I'll always be fond of it as an adaptation, though.    "Regular Conservatives HATE HIM"   So nice, I can almost hear the pencil scratching :3   I dunno, that just sounds kind of unnecessarily expensive to me...   These are all so great! :D   Well that just sounds incredibly rude of them. Please don't take it personally, OP, or let it get you down. Feel free to PM me if you need someone to talk to. But seriously, that's on them, not you :) EDIT: Sorry yeah, also, I know it's hard to follow advice like, don't hang out with people who make you feel bad when you've no other options. But just know that you shouldn't have to put up with stuff like that just to avoid loneliness.   Oh God my sides   Yeah, I find moving about and interacting with the world helps, especially if it comes on when I'm just lying in bed at night looking out at my room. What's most annoying is that I can easily 'switch' to viewing the world like that at will and used to do it all the time when I was little, (especially during long school assemblies, making the speaker's head look tiny, like you did with your friend). For some reason it didn't bother me. Now, I feel like younger me maybe made it somehow more likely to happen out of habit or whatever, gah...   When I was little I didn't know "twat" was a bad word, I thought it meant "to hit".  Ended up in quite a bit of trouble with a friend's Mum after talking about "twatting" something...   Yes this, happens especially when I'm tired or ill and I absolutely hate it. I went through a phase a couple of years ago where just reading triggered it, especially if the print was small. Really didn't help with my uni work but I somehow managed to shake it off: I found that I can sort of 'will' it to stop if I try reeeeally hard, or sometimes literally shaking my head or even hurting myself helps.   In our house we called it the 'doofer'. Seriously though, I'm going to make it my mission to make sure my kids, if/when I have them, grow up with so many weird idiosyncratic names for things. They won't know who or what to trust for the first twenty or so years of life...   She's a golden long haired female Syrian hamster, I've had her since June of this summer and here she is hanging out in my slipper :p      I'm glad this was someone else's first concern too   Thanks, this is probably the only photo I have of her so far that isn't a complete blurry mess. Unfortunately it doesn't really show off her dark cheek flashes from this angle though   Thank you, she's got such a sweet personality too, (though I guess I am somewhat biased :p)   Congratulations and good luck, university can be such a great experience and I hope you end up doing what you want to do and loving it :) May I ask what you plan on studying?   GUYS SHE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT JUST LEAVE HER ALONE, OK?!   She's a golden long haired female Syrian hamster, I've had her since June of this summer and here she is hanging out in my slipper :p      I...I don't think it...matters...? "Deworming (sometimes known as worming or drenching)"  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deworming   Dude, get your cat wormed.   That looks like it would be a truly uplifting read   Yeah, I sometimes pick my nose a bit too much too :( my boyfriend has also stayed through my side during those times, so...relatable.   That sounds like an awful lot to be dealing with on your own, though it's great that you're trying. Sounds to me like you should definitely try to find some outside help on this. Maybe a professional like a counselor/therapist.  The house issue sounds like a tough one but my best advice for that would be to just take a small area at a time, and once that area is clean strive to keep it that way. I've no professional advice to offer but pm me if you need someone to talk to :)   To be fair, it is a bloody good movie   But...but...I want to be as amused as the girls in the comic definitely totally for real were   I want to know what that cautionary tale was...   Monocular cues (cues to depth relying on only one eye) such as the ones listed in the other comments (movement, object size, texture gradient, occlusion, relative movement of your single eye etc...), are one part of the story. However the reason the world doesn't suddenly appear flat when you close one eye is also partly because you have gone through your entire life (from a certain young age at any rate) seeing the world in 3-D. Eyesight depends on your eyes but vision happens in the brain, the world is actively constructed for you by the information coming in through your eyes and even if one eye is shut it 'knows' that the world is still one of depth. This is why, even though people with one eye, or eyes that are unable to coordinate together (most commonly, for example, people with untreated childhood strabismus), can use the monocular cues to navigate the world in three dimensional space, *but they lack that subjective feeling of 'depth' and 'space' that comes with stereoscopic vision*. One famous example of someone who trained themselves to coordinate both eyes to see in depth after a lifetime of seeing the world in 2-D is Susan Barry, or 'Stereo Sue'. In her talks and book (which I recommend to anyone interested in the psychology of visual perception) she details the subjective, qualitative differences between seeing the world in monovision and stereovision. Hope that helps :) Edit: Grammar and links - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_R._Barry / http://www.stereosue.com/   This whole album clobbed my bonkers  	66
 Thank you very much.   Haha.   2FAFP71W23X220401   I already got my refund! it was approved than two days later BAM  	4
 Its really weird, a year ago I couldn't even have imagined ever being this happy again. Even if I thought things were better, I still felt really bad and just assumed this is what "normal" is like. It feels really strange sometimes now.  	1
 That's it. Cat fur denies all existing physics regarding volume. I'm sure the amount of fur my cat sheds in a month is enough to create whole another cat.   I'm a fridge. I'm okay with this.   Pretty ok. My life isn't filled with excitement but I'm appreciated at work and earn enough. I don't have stats to confirm it, but it's probably along or more than the average.  Working abroad though so I miss home a lot.  The last time I heard from my hs friends, the so-called popular girls lived lives I wouldn't envy: gone into drug dealing, had crap jobs, etc.   I think you did a good job telling him off. I would have frozen up and just hung up on him. And a few minutes later come up with a long detailed fuck-you. Damn this escalator wit.   From what I've heard: "what's wrong with it? It dries anyway." Yeahhh well do you spit in your room then? Ugh.   English grammar broken down into formulae and students were asked to identify which formula it was. E.g. A boy runs home = No.1.  Then I moved to Canada and realized no one gives a damn about that kind of stuff.   I just watched it again a few minutes ago.  "Become vengeance, David. Become Wrath."   Intensity of positive emotions.  When I was looking forward to something I couldn't sleep the night before because I was so excited. When I was happy, I could really feel my heart pumping fast. It is no longer the case. Everything is "meh" to me. I still feel negative emotions to the fullest extent though.  I'm not sure if I can do anything about this. I'm always told to be grateful for what I have but it's very difficult to keep that in mind.   Catching the bus to work / home right on time without waiting for too long.   And how would that change affect your current life?   Wow he does an excellent job! Looks like an interesting movie... What are those horns doing there?   About 7 years ago I read from a psych textbook that Russian scientists managed to breed tame foxes. I wonder how that's going? I doubt foxes will become house pets anytime soon but looking at this cutiepie really makes me wish I could pet one!   "Hey. Heyyy... Come onnnnn...." XD He is adorable.   The last bit put a big smile on my face. Clonk is so endearing! Never thought I'd find a big green orc dude cute (aside from Shrek but he's an ogre) but damn. More please!   I chuckle at the thought of him holding in that position while someone took that picture. So cute. Keanu is one of those people who are hot and seem like a great guy to hang out with. Plus he can turn water into wine... Do you even miracle bro?   Damn cat. REVEAL YOUR ANTI-AGING SECRETS   I hope you allowed them to collect the droppings? It will be good to see the king give  *a crap*  when it comes to the freedom of religion.  I'll see myself out.   That is fucking brilliant. I don't use profanity in compliments usually but this is so impressive it must be emphasized with an expletive. I love the use of the colours! Being on mobile I had to look hard for Bender haha.   I can't separate Ramsay from wellingtons. Or poached scallops. "It's RAWWWW"   As I play the League I've grown to like champs that non-League players wouldn't find cute, like Cho and Kog. Now you made me find Vel'Koz cute. Well done.   "You've lured me with a false promise."   Oh that's why the gif was a bit gritty. I will look forward to seeing your cat in HD! (What's her name by the way?)  Here's my [Leon](http://imgur.com/5it7hIJ). He will be ten next January. I moved to Asia for work three years ago from Canada and he's stuck by me all these years :)   She's beautiful! I love that little bit of tabby stripes on her legs. My cat is a mix of siamese-turkish angora-tabby and he only has very feint stripes on his tail. Looks like your kitty had more blessing! :D Please share more photos when she comes home!   This has nothing to do with the racist trp dick in question but I can totally see Homer yelling the townspeople away and then being chased by a pitchfork wielding mob.   Is it possible you guys are blood related? Hair-coat colour match!   He sounds like a great guy to have around.   She could pass for a 2-3 year old. Cats don't seem to age after a certain point! I hope you two spend many hours cuddling up in warm blankets.   I would like to delude myself into thinking that Fox only wanted to keep her company until someone came around to help her. :p  I hope she goes to a wonderful home.3   Please Anivia. I'm so sick of looking at a frozen chicken when she's supposed to be a majestic cryopheonix   Thanks to Fantastic Mr. Fox the movie I think of Bill Murray whenever I see badgers.   How do they have that kind of perfectly assigned coat pattern of cute white mittens? I MUST KNOW   He can give me a full physical anytime. I think he's qualified.  Also I'd like to bang him.   In addition to Ferrous being a beautiful kitty, whoever wrote on that box has excellent handwriting.   A guy wearing a tight-fitted classic black suit with a white shirt loosening the collar.   Me just found Clonk. Clonk the best. Want more Clonk.   "You're carcinogenic."  Applicable to a wide range of situations and qualities.      There's a wiki article about the Canadian raising that could shed some light on this issue. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_raising  Personally, being a Canadian, I don't really see a whole lot of difference from English in the American midwest.    Wow. I mean MAYBE I could understand that this actually took place if the two were in the same place, but calling up the mom when she's at work? This guy is unbelievable. He does give dads a bad name :( I'm hoping he has some redeeming qualities but right now I can't think of one that could work in his favour.   So pretty. Jinx looks like she took a chill pill XD Kudos to your talented gf!   This reminds me of Baby Blues comics :( I don't know much about child rearing but what I gather from second-hand experience is that it takes a toll on mom especially. Hang in there! Hope you two get some real sleep soon.   As opposed to originating from Anglo Canadian provinces. -.- ugh   Not sure about the Anglo Canadians claiming poutine as their own but it was my understanding the vast majority of us enjoy the dish. Also isn't it pretty well-known that poutine originates from Quebec? Even the damn name is very French.   Look at that face. Just born and looks so zen and enlightened.   As someone who had hots for Dr. Grant I appreciate your story. Thanks so much for sharing it in such detail.   The shield looks beautiful! Can't wait.   I agree. Actually for someone who attends LSE her expressive power is pretty mediocre.   Thrillerrrr   Someone dipped his face into the ink jar!   I'm a big fan of the current Lee Sin portrait so the new update is a bit disappointing for me. The one we have now has a somber tone and his lips are not so thick...   Meanwhile I'm sad Zedd is not following the one true master race. Not too late Zedd, come over to the right side.   I love how he's standing above Fight Club. "You are not a... special... snowflake... AWW WHO'S A LITTLE CUTIE"   White socks3   Chris Crocker has been on /r/ladyboners before and we were debating whether his whole "leave Britney alone" thing was sincere or a parody. :p   The pro team champs look great! Female Luc looks bad ass too.   I'm patching right now and it's so good to hear the rework turned out great! I really like Viktor but I had some trouble dealing a lot of damage with him but it seems like that's the thing of the past now. The old ult was especially frustrating. It was like tickling champions ._. But not the case now it seems!   This is some dedication. Awesome job!   Didn't know this was coming out! So psyched now. I really want to get a new skin for Karma but frankly I don't like any of the current ones :( Except for the (new) classic.   Yeah I listened to it expecting it to be really sweet but then it turned funky. Wasn't prepared for that!   From this alone you don't sound like you were being clingy and what you expected was perfectly normal. But I suppose she wasn't looking for a serious relationship? She should've been more tactful in telling you so but I do agree that continuing seeing each other without clarifying het position would be just leading you on. She handled things the wrong way :(  Being a woman who doesn't enjoy casual encounters I don't understand her pov.   Watching him eat the burger makes me crave one instantly.   You didn't like that episode? I loved the beginning especially complete with the old Windows opening theme.   I hope you talk to (or already have) your doctor about it! Certain side effects are unavoidable but things like narcolepsy would basically make going on about a daily routine impossible.   Regardless of how much time you spent together breaking up via text messages is a pretty shitty thing to do. I'm sorry you had to go through with it. From what I read I don't know if you guys had any issues or what kind of person she is. So it's a bit difficult to come up with any perspective on that note :(  But know that we're here for you and ready to listen. Break ups suck even if you're the one who initiates them. There's really no way to make the pain subside fast.  I would encourage you to eat something if you can. Perhaps some fruit or cereal?  If you want to tell me more about the relationship or talk about anything else, let me know.   Wow I've been feeling the exact same way... It feels like I reached a plateau and am just stuck here...   I'm a bit late but Happy Birthday!   When will cats tell us the secret to anti-aging?! She's beautiful.   So cute that your camera got distracted out of focus? XD  But in all seriousness, thank you for providing a good home for this little cutiepie. I mean, you'll have to give up your ownership to all things that he(she?) likes, but that just comes with being a cat person, amirite?   I love the fact that you named your cats Lunchbox and Bento 3   Wow congrats! Though I have little knowledge of the condition I'm happy that you're healthier, not to mention looking better! keep it up dude :)   Now this wouldn't make sense in most worlds, but this is Skyrim where you can shoot down dragons by shouting at them. Sharpening swords with air isn't all that implausible.   Why does that springy thingy in her crotch bother me so much..   ... you were saying?   "Hey, I got a busted ass and I see no one kissing it!"  "*exasperated sigh* alright I'm coming..."   I personally like S1-3 Zoidberg the best. His first appearance gets me every time. "My mother was a saint! GET OUT"   *squeal of joy* look at those pink jelly beans! She's so adorable. Have you named her yet?    Being the boring person I am, I'll just put it in my savings account. And then immediately find something to splurge on the very next month, totally invalidating the point of depositing it in the first place!   Exactly, one billion dollars.   I love how the background is also dark and snowing as if lamenting. So sorry for your loss. Stay strong.   Also taking SNRI here. And lost much of my sex drive too :( If your condition is more or less under control with the pills, could you consider decreasing the dosage, or switching to milder alternatives? I used to take citalopram (SSRI) before and that didn't seem to affect my sex drive.  In any case you should really talk to your physician about this if it's a major issue. I don't think many of us here are qualified to talk about the specifics of the meds.   Good luck!   Graduated in 2011, so the memory is more or less fresh.  First off, don't think it's the end of the world and wait for the professor to respond. With any luck, and I find this to be true with most profs, he/she will give you another deadline but with some penalty. That's far better than receiving a zero right? Most profs don't enjoy giving out Fs and they will try to accommodate as long as the student shows the initiative. And I recommend that you disclose your situation (how depression is affecting your life). Some may think this is just laziness/carelessness. It wasn't the case. So unless you're very uncomfortable, telling him/her about your condition would definitely help. If the prof says no and you can't do anything about the essay, you can also ask if there are extra assignments you can hand in.  If all fails? Still, it's not the end of the world. You fucked up, but you can still recuperate. Maybe do better in the exam, or other courses? This may sound too callous, but it really is not the end. Don't worry yourself to death.  As for coping with depression itself: I'm one of the luckier ones that found meds that worked for me. I've talked to counselors a few times but I've found them to be very inefficient. They always told me what I already know. Meds kept me balanced and gave me at least minimum motivation to work on assignments and stuff.  I'm sorry to hear about your friend. I don't know the detail so I'm not sure how to comment on that. :( Talking smack about you to your boyfriend seems like a really shitty thing to do...  But for now your essay situation seems to be the more dire problem, so I hope you get that in order before tackling the friend issue.   Anyhoo, I hope my comment can give you at least a little bit of courage. Again, it's an obstacle you can handle! PM me if you want to vent. :)   I don't know much about art but I really like the colours you used. Especially green. It's something that you wouldn't expect to see in a portrait but it reveals the mood perfectly. Well done.   Just reading his comment history makes me sad. I would be angry, but it's too depressing to make me angry. I see he's also posted on white supremacy subreddits. Sigh. Sometimes I fantasize about rounding up all the racist people on earth and putting them in an isolated island...   I hope months turn into years. Congrats :)   "Dude... I like... totally forget I was doing"   Wait... colours in Skyrim? Burn the heretic!!      I can't find the link right now and the reverse image search on both Google and Karma Decay shows that it's gone, but there was a photo of a woman wearing an engagement ring in the comment section of another photo. The ring seemed a bit tight for her and everyone was blatantly making a crack at that, or saying how it looked cheap. Someone said something along the line of: "who says you can't buy an engagement ring where you can buy tires?"  Today I logged onto facebook and discovered my friend got engaged on her birthday. I was so psyched. I made an international call to her (I'm working overseas), congratulated her, and we were both so happy. I've known her for a long time and she's such a sweetheart.  I got off the phone and scrolled further down her profile only to see the exact same photo that was ridiculed on Reddit.  That's when I did the reverse image search. It seems like there's no trace of it now for some reason.  I'm very sure it's the exact same photo because it popped up recently and the angle / the shape of the ring -- everything really matches up.   I really didn't want to upset my friend when she was so happy but I told her about it just so she would increase the privacy setting on her FB and go through the friends list to get rid of people who might do this.  Whoever posted that link in the comment was a friend of my friend. I guess that's what's pissing me off, not so much that it happened on Reddit. I have a vague idea who might have done this based on what my friend told me before but I have no proof. And the link is gone now, for the better or worse.  Sigh.   I moved to Asia for work and my cat (9 y/o) is trapped inside a highrise apartment with very little to observe outside. It's been like this for about three years now and I feel so bad.   He shows little interest when I try to play with him using the "traditional" cat toys. I know he's really bored and would like to bring in another cat, but that's not in the cards right now.  I also tried bringing him outside in a stroller (all sides closed but he can still look outside) but he was very stressed out and would yeowl until I brought him home. Mind you I did this in a residential area with no traffic or loud noises. There were some kids playing about but I always kept them at a safe distance where he wouldn't be subjected to any unwanted attention.  Could someone suggest ways to entertain him? Even though his appetite and weight haven't changed I'm afraid he's depressed.         (Or for that matter, any other "deem/consider/perceive" type of verbs)  e.g. "He deemed the policy unfair." vs. "He deemed the policy to be unfair."  I always thought these were interchangeable but perhaps they are not? How are they different exactly?      The variation of the main theme + really unsettling, even barbaric tunes when the Wildlings are butchering the Brothers. Every aspect of the episode was superb but I was especially immersed in the music. It almost reminded me of that used back in the Charlton Heston era. Very epic, traditional, and hits right in the nostalgia. Music definitely gave the mammoths and giants the more threatening atmosphere.      I've been using Firefox for nearly five years now and all was well and suddenly it reports a certification issue with gmail/google. When I google something I have to add an exception for EVERY SINGLE KEYWORD I type in. For Gmail it doesn't even give me an option to rule it out as an exception.  At first I thought this was Firefox-specific so I tried it again with IE but it has the same issue. I've been checking my mail via phone :( I guess I can make do with it but I don't understand why it's suddenly acting up this way.  Has anyone else had a similar problem?   I used to like the Watch Later function. I would add a bunch of videos, sort them to my liking, and add them to a neat little list. It would also show which one I watched so when I went back I could either restart or move onto the next one.   Now it only has a "remove watched video" function and the ability to leave notes (which makes me wonder just how many people actually use this).  Switching to Google+ is one thing. Now the comment section works fine, it doesn't share everything I write to Google Circle automatically, so I can begrudgingly accept the change.  Why tamper with what already worked fine?  Please, if I'm missing something here and complaining about this because I don't know better, someone let me know. I'd rather admit that I'm an idiot than continue on with this nonsense.   I considered posting here when I was feeling particularly low but I always think that there's someone worse off than me and I should buck up. (But I never use this logic on someone else as I hate hearing it from others myself.) Instead I've decided to post some of the things I do when I feel really down in spite of meds. Perhaps it will be of some help to some.  - Watching the Simpsons and Futurama  I find Matt Groening's work incredibly therapeutic. I also watch South Park and Family Guy too but the Simpsons and Futurama have a warm edge that its contemporaries don't really seem to have. Futurama is especially endearing. I watch episodes nonstop and just lose myself in the story and characters. They make jokes that might be considered dumb/outdated by today's standard but that makes it so nostalgic and cozy.  - Reorganizing and cleaning out the desk / closet  Sometimes my mind is off-limits. I can't deal with it. But the physical act of cleaning my room gives me a sensation similar to reorganizing my thoughts. A neater, well-organized room is just a byproduct. I fold my clothes, do laundry, do the vacuum cleaning, etc. I play music I love loudly and focus intensely on cleaning and that only. It's like workout except I'm enjoying it. I wish I loved exercise but I really, really hate it. So much. I could never relate to people's advice on working out for expelling thoughts that get me down. Cleaning is a good substitute I think.    Perhaps hackneyed and worn out ideas, but I thought these may help and that I should just write these down to remind myself again. I'm at work and I can do neither right now. I feel trapped and am forcing myself to smile. I'm on the verge of just giving up but I have to move on. I don't know why I feel this way. I just am.   Context: I was diagnosed with clinical depression when I was in high school (i.e. 7+ years ago). I was on cytalopram for a while but it didn't do much for me. Luckily about three years ago I found medications that worked for me. The current pills I'm taking are SNRIs, the primary agent being venlafaxine.  Last Monday I was supposed to go see my psychiatrist but I was making an important call during my lunch break and I forgot. I thought to myself: what harm could it do? I had some leftovers from previous appointments and I would only miss a day's worth. How callous I was.  So this is how I felt: sensory overload in every turn.  Every sound delved into my head like a jackhammer. I put on earphones without listening to anything but it didn't do anything. My coworker's keyboard typing which I would normally ignore was so painful that I had to leave the room for a while. Secretaries walking fast-paced here and there hit me like a gong. It resonated within me. They irritated me and numbed me to the core at the same time. I wanted to attack someone.  I turned to work to maintain focus. I work as a translator at a law firm. I usually work on court decisions, briefs, complaints, etc. I'm always fascinated by the stories I read. It lessens the inevitable boredom destined to come with the line of my profession. I picture them in my head and it helps me visualize. Concentrate.  I was assigned to translate a complaint a few days ago so I was working on it. I tried to calm myself as I tried to regain control over my senses and just work. It was okay for a while until I hit the word SUICIDE. A former rep director of a company being sued had committed suicide.  Normally I would just look upon it with some dismay and move on. It's really unfortunate but what can I do?  In this instance I couldn't just move on. My eyes were fixed on the word. I felt like I was about to throw up. I didn't know the person. And yet the word stabbed me and I was left in shock. I wanted to cry.  That was when I decided I couldn't stay in the office. I had taken the meds at that point but it wasn't working fast enough. I had to go home.  I feel better now. I can withstand my surroundings once more. The words don't send me into shock like before.   I thought I'd share this with you while the memory and the sensations are still fresh. My mom always tells me to "will the depression away". I'm not just having a bad day. I can't function without these pills. Call me a weak-willed person if you want. That doesn't change the fact that I'd just crawl into a corner and do nothing without meds.      I've seen action figures and plush toys, but these are pretty common throughout any series.   What kind of novelty items would you like to see for Futurama specifically? (e.g. an F shirt with a fake mutant arm attached?)  I've seen on Reddit someone knitted a Zoidberg mask for their kid for Halloween and would love to own one myself it was for sale.  Other random things: "Nixon 30xx" bumper stickers, Slurm (sans the secret ingredient), Bender's purple camera, a digital photo frame shaped like the What-If machine, Gemerald ring candy      I've been seeing him for the last two and a half years now.  I come from a culture where going to university is a norm. If you failed to get post-secondary education, you're deemed as a failure.  I spent the majority of my life in North America and on papers and in my heart I consider myself as a westerner, though I don't look it. I moved to the country I was born in to get a job and I'm living with my parents. I insisted on moving out but they wouldn't let me. They went so far as to say that they would disown me if I did. But I digress...  I'm turning 26 this August and due to the said culture I'm considered a marrying age. But I don't think I'll get married any time soon if ever. If I were back home I might have moved in with this guy but here cohabitation is frowned upon. Big time.  I've been lying to my parents in regards to my relationship with him. I said we broke up and are now just friends. Maybe it's because they suspect something but they still don't like the fact that I stay in touch with him.  It's not like my boyfriend is a socially unacceptable human being. I admit there were some times when I wished he'd studied more, but I've come to accept that I can't rely on romantic relationships to satisfy my intellectual needs. We have fun together and most importantly, when we argue about something and he's at fault, he admits it, apologizes, and tends not to repeat the same mistake. His open mindedness is what won me over in the first place. I come from a drastically different background and he was very accepting.  On the CV he appears to have all things that are considered to be "red flags" in the Asian cultures: had an abusive father, his parents are divorced, he didn't attend university, etc.  I'm having an increasingly difficult time letting my parents see the fact that I'm not looking to get married and I'm just in a stable relationship. And even if I DO end up marrying him, would that be the end of the world? So what if I'm enrolled in a graduate school program and working at the same time, making twice as much as his annual salary? Does that somehow make me a better person? We're compatible and have fun. Our attitudes on important issues are similar. When we have an argument it's a clean fight without emotional scars. Isn't that the most important thing in a relationship?  I feel so cornered. I feel so pressured to break up with him because I don't know how to handle my parents. I don't know whether I want to marry him so I don't even know if I should take a stronger stance on this and force them to accept things as they are.   Hi Reddit,  very first post here. I'm in a bit of trouble with my newly purchased BB gun and I was wondering if any of you can help me out.  I just bought a Walther P99Q with metal pellets and I'm moving to South Korea (Seoul) soon. I'm sending most of my bulky stuff via sea, and I thought this would be okay. From my research it seems like it's a definite no-no on flight, be it a check-in or carry-on, but no one has given me an answer about shipping it through, well, a ship. (I know I should've checked this first, but my desire trumped reason... ugh.)  If it comes to the worst, I guess I'll have to sell it to an acquaintance before I leave. (The store takes no refund. Again, very stupid of me.)  I'm sending it from Vancouver, Canada, to Seoul, ROK. Anyone who knows anything about the customs/security, I'd really appreciate your advice.  *Wow I just mispelled internationally and can't edit the title. Damn.  	103
 I generally don't like Vonnegut but if you happen upon his book Cats Cradle it is quite a good read.    Does this actually happen? Usually women get ripped the fuck apart on Reddit.    I loved her in American Hustle!    I don't like most of his movies but Reservoir Dogs was fucking brilliant and one of my favorite movies.   I totally agree with you. They are weird. And I don't get it.    All I can say is, don't cheat. If you are on the verge of cheating, recommend counseling. If she doesn't want to go to counseling, then tell her something needs to change or you will end the relationship.   I'm saying this as a woman who was cheated on after being married for five years. It really fucked me up emotionally being cheated on. It's a difficult situation but cheating and getting caught is a horrible thing. You will be the bad guy no matter what.    Differences in sex drives are a huge, huge issue. And I found that out the hard way. My husband ended up having an affair because we weren't having enough sex. It ruined the marriage and we divorced.   There were other problems, sure. But we were not sexually compatible and I was young and didn't realize how important that is.   Could you see yourself only having sex with your girlfriend once a week? Twice a month? Once every few months?   It sounds shallow, but I know my husband loved me with all his heart, and he still had the affair and our marriage still ended. It is a big deal.    I love this. It's not about the mistakes you make but what you choose to do after those mistakes have been made.   I divorced my husband after I found out he had an affair and he became bitter towards me and ruined any chance of us still being close. I still miss him but he holds a huge grudge against me for dissolving our marriage. He doesn't understand actions have consequences.    I love everything about this picture! I would try not to get upset. Those PUAs are a minority group. My brother is one of them and guess what, dudes not getting laid. They're just bitter assholes.   Also like everyone else said your hair is amazing and I'm jealous :)    My ex had ADD. I did a lot for him, fill out paperwork, help him with school, keep him on a schedule. Then I found out he had an affair. He claimed his ADD made him impulsive which is why he cheated. I'm almost 99% sure that isn't true. It sucks because I loved him and his ADD quirks. Oh well. I read every book I could on ADD and spent time in therapy figuring out how to live with someone with ADD. I'm an expert now!    That's horrible. My ex husband did something similar, he had an affair and then told me he didn't feel the same about me anymore. I'm divorced now and trying to move on and date but I don't trust anyone. I feel like I'm going to be alone forever.   And this only happened three weeks ago? You're taking so well and I feel so stupid for letting it get to me even now after nearly a year.    What the fuck? Because you gained 20 pounds? This thread is making me angry! I'm sorry you had to go through that.    Well I've actually seen it a bunch of times growing up, my dad watched it a bunch. So... I guess I'm just ignorant of this phenomenon of seeing movies in a theater and yelling out the lines.    Like, I get if you want to laugh and have fun. But don't act like you're the only ones there you know?    To scream out all the lines? I've seen it before too but I don't see why that excuses people being that obnoxious. Every one else in the theater was silent except for them.    I went to see Monty Pythons the Holy Grail in an old theater because why not. This group of kids in front of me said all the lines as they were said in the movie, and then cackled madly. It was fucking obnoxious. Watch it at home if you're going to do that shit.    Yeah I'll have to try it!    Haha. Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me.    Hm, I admit I have never heard of this woman. What about modern feminists today who are influential? It does seem like with any group, the ones with the most extreme views get heard most often. And that helps no social cause.    I keep hearing about all of you gals' FWB situations and I'm curious, how does that happen? I can never find a guy who just wants sex, they always want a relationship. Or they say they just want sex but then later they change their minds. Where do you find them?!    I get a weird satisfaction out of pulling the matted clump of hair out of my brush. I have long hair so I have to do this regularly. I used to chase my ex around with it because he was disgusted by it haha!    I see your point, but I don't think prominent feminists would disagree with my position.    I would call myself a feminist and totally believe she should have been charged with assault at the least. She should absolutely be charged with lying to police.   I don't think statements about the patriarchy are meant to direct attention away from women being perpetrators of violence. My understanding is that the idea that women are weak and cannot be violent against men is a huge problem, because it allows people like this to get away with assault. But the issue here lies with the fact that police will not believe a man if he says he is assaulted. And why is that? I don't believe it has anything to do with modern feminism making women out to be victims.   Basically we need to look at solutions. How do we protect both men and women in situations of assault? We need to teach police officers that women are capable of violence so they can be more objective about situations, ie if a dude has bruises and scratch marks and the woman looks fine, don't arrest the GUY. I had a good friend of mine get arrested and was charged with assault, then had to go to AA meetings because his drunk girlfriend decided to have a meltdown and start throwing shit at him and beating him up at a party. He was embarrassed so he didn't tell anyone what was going on until a neighbor called the cops. Dude had a gash on his face because she threw a lamp at him and he got arrested.   It's just frustrating because I am a feminist and this issue is personal to me. Hope you see where I'm coming from! Regardless of what labels you choose to put on yourself I think we all agree this is a problem (except a few extremists maybe).    This happened to my brother too, he always plays as female characters. But he took it way too far and apparently talked to this dude for months pretending to be a woman. Yeah, my brother is weird.    I've never heard of that statistic. Do they have information about why the women initiate a divorce?  Even so, asking for a divorce doesn't imply they maliciously set out to ruin a man's life.    Haha, that's what my husband's brother told me. I had my suspicions and talked to his brother, he actually laughed and said he would never cheat on me. A week after that I found out. People change. Or they are very good at pretending to be someone else.    Divorce statistics just show marriages end. It doesn't imply the woman was responsible.   I agree that courts favor women in the case of divorce and children. So I could see why a man wouldn't want to get married because of that risk.    Totally. I don't want them to be dicks about it, but they could at least acknowledge that yes, I could lose a few pounds, and it's great that I'm trying to be healthier. Oh well!    Well, he believes that it is the cause of a lot of problems. Feminism got rid of traditional families for the most part, and so family units aren't as strong with women in the work force. That's just one thing he talks about. I think it's very interesting.  What bothers me about his beliefs is mainly his idea that women are unempathetic predators, who will screw up your life on purpose, take all of your money, and sucker you into children. He doesn't believe women can be monogamous, they are always searching for something better even when they marry. It's very odd considering no women in our family fit that description at all. So who are these mysterious sperm jacking predator women? I'll have to ask him that next time I see him!    I think over the years he has become more entrenched, yes. I think the longer he goes without a woman in his life the more he buys into these beliefs. I want him to find a girl. Despite his beliefs he is very family oriented and wants a very traditional family. I personally believe he goes about it in the wrong way.    He's in his late 20s.   My brother says similar things. He believes a woman's sexual market value goes down as they age, and men's value goes up. I'm not sure how true that is. I think desire is pretty subjective.   I don't think people are necessarily owed a reason. But if I wanted to be with a guy and he didn't want me, I think it would be valuable for me to know why. It would definitely hurt to be rejected that way.    My brother buys into all of that. He's incredibly intelligent though, so sometimes when I have a talk with him, just me and him, we have rational discussions about feminism, life, women, dating, etc. I think he is into most of it for the shock value.  He still believes feminism is destroying our culture. And I can't change that. I think the best thing to do is to just voice your opinions on it if he brings it up. But if he inevitably decides to keep thinking the way that he does, you can't change that.   My brother will always be a bit of an oddball but in the end he's my brother. He treats me and my mom with respect (most of the time, anyway). I think he's just going through a hard time because he's had bad experiences with women. He was with a girl once who ended up having a fiance the whole time they saw each other. So I try to listen to him and help him see my way of thinking.    This happens to me too. A lot of people tell me, "but you're not fat, why do you need to lose weight?" I don't know if they are just trying to be polite? I have extra weight on me and it's noticeable.    My mom does and I think it's weird. Even in winter. It's just unnatural.    That's adorable!    The cheating was what pushed me to file for divorce, but it was basically a culmination of selfish behaviors on his part. We struggled with a lot. We got married very young and we jumped right into it, we never lived together to figure out each others personalities better before marrying.   Now that I think about it we weren't very compatible. I just wish we would have realized that and parted ways before he cheated. It hurts quite a lot.    I'm doing much better. I had a few months where I didn't want to get out of bed. I felt pretty worthless. But then I started going out with friends and family more. Just being around others helped my mental state a lot. And now everyone tells me I seem much, much happier.    Haha. I was pretty young when we met and got married. Infatuation can make you look past a lot of flaws. I'm certainly more cautious now about people.    I'm not sure where my depression stems from to be honest with you.    Like I've said before, at that point he should have filed for divorce. I'm not sure why people keep saying "what did I expect him to do."   Cheating is never acceptable. There is a mature way of dealing with sexual incompatibility. I didn't want sex constantly, that is true, but I never stopped loving my husband. I did everything for him, except force myself to be sexual when I couldn't be. In the end he decided constant sex was more important than being with the woman he loved. It was unfortunate.   I never needed sex in my relationship with him. I was totally fulfilled in other ways. I just wish we had realized that before we got married. I don't blame him for needing sex. But I do feel emotionally damaged from the betrayal. It still keeps me up at night knowing the only one who claimed to love me has hurt me the most in this world. Anyway, thanks for your input.    There were times when sex didn't happen at all. But I did try very hard. When the sex didn't happen it was generally because he was very insensitive about it. He'd get upset with me and say a man can only handle rejection so many times. I'm not sure what the right way to handle any of it was.  But you are right about jumping to conclusions about my ex being an ass. There are two sides to every story, and the truth.    It's interesting that you make the assumption that I did nothing. I never made that statement.   I was clinically depressed. That hurt our marriage and our sex life. I saw therapists and doctors, took four different kinds of medication. I lost weight, ate healthier, exercised. We had sex. It wasn't every day, but we had it. I tried very hard. So when I read someone saying that I did nothing, even on the Internet, it hurts.   He told me even after my efforts it wasn't enough. He needed sex every day, he needed me to be wet for him, which is something I couldn't do. My body just wasn't responsive. I could give blowjobs. But he didn't want that.   I asked him why he stayed married to me if it was such a problem. He said he loved me, wanted to see me through it all. But in the end he was wrong. He needed constant sex to validate himself.   I hope you understand my situation more. Maybe in the future you can not jump to conclusions.   I think that's pretty unfair. I had my own issues. I couldn't get physically aroused, and so when we had sex it was extremely painful.   Regardless of what happened, cheating is not the response to a problem. If he felt we were sexually incompatible he should have left.   I don't need validation from people on the Internet. I just hope eventually you learn to look at people with more empathy.    He should have had the balls to end the relationship before plowing another woman. Lol. It's pretty obvious.    Wow! I remember I went to a therapy session about a week after he had told me about his affair. After the session I tried to talk to my husband about everything and he looks at me and says, "When are you going to get over this?" A week after! Some people just need a good punch in the balls.    I really appreciate you making this post. I have been battling depression for a while and I too have been going on walks. I live in a big city so it's harder to find quiet spaces, but I still enjoy myself. Some days I still want to lay in bed all day and mope, but the days I get out are really nice.    I am also a tiny apartment dweller. I like to sneak over to my parents house during the day to use their hammock and drink their beer!    Haha! Right?    I got that reaction too. He also had issues with me not being "comfortable" enough for him in bed. He had issues with me because I wouldn't let him go down on me. Well, the girl he cheated on me with sure liked it, which I guess is a good enough reason to throw a five year marriage away.   Good on you for leaving that situation. I've been depressed for God knows how long and every day he isn't in my life I feel better emotionally.    We weren't having sex because I was diagnosed with depression and was on medication. He thought I was being selfish by denying him sex. He had little ability to empathize. There was no perfect situation possible. I wasn't going to magically fix my depression and get my libido back. So he chose to cheat.   Just chiming in, my ex husband told me before he cheated that he wasn't getting enough sex and that he would look elsewhere. It didn't help anything. So what, I'm supposed to fuck him just so he doesn't go off and screw people other than his wife? It made me less likely to want to be intimate. And in the end he did cheat. And in the end we got divorced.    I was cheated on 8 months ago by my husband of 5 years. I know your pain. It sucks because when I asked him, "Didn't you think about how I would feel?" He said he didn't even think about me at all. We're divorced now but I'll always carry that emotional baggage. If you need to talk to someone I'm here.    I agree with this, although for me intense cardio workouts made me anxious initially, so I would build up to that point. Even something as simple as a walk helps calm me down.    It's beautiful! I want to make one :)   I can understand what you are saying. But I think a lot of your emotions are misplaced. But maybe that's based on my general ignorance on the topic of fat acceptance. I don't believe overweight people want society to start telling them they are healthy, or society to say, it's okay, it's out of your control. I think they just want empathy. I also think they want it to be socially acceptable for people to be overweight, in that people look at it as a lifestyle choice rather than a fault in their moral character.   Now, I'm not sure how I feel about that. I don't believe you are morally worse because you are obese. If I see an obese person I admit I do believe they have an emotional problem that makes them eat to excess. And maybe that's wrong, I don't know. I don't think anyone chooses to be overweight as a lifestyle. Why would you? But maybe they just want others to stop shaming them.   I think, especially on Reddit, we make a lot of assumptions about someone's character if they are overweight. Lazy and stupid come to mind. And we make those types of comments even when the person's weight isn't the focus of a post. We take pictures of fat people and mock them. Just for existing and being overweight. And I think that's wrong.   It's a complicated issue and I'll stop rambling now haha. Thanks for replying to me. I find a lot of the time on here I want to have a discussion with someone who has an opinion different from mine but it usually never happens! So thanks.    I agree completely. I can't imagine how difficult it must be to be overweight or obese, especially because I believe that in a lot of cases they turn to eating to relieve stress.   The amount of anger I see on Reddit over obese people is astounding.    My question wasn't rhetorical either. I really, really want to understand why someone would become this angry.    Hm. I guess I still don't see how you believe she is blaming you. She's coming off as defensive and I don't believe she is right when she says you cannot tell someone is healthy or not by looking at them.   But I don't believe she blames anyone for her actions. She's upset that, in her mind, people want to make it a moral obligation to be thin. Or she calls it healthism, for whatever reason. And I agree that would not be a good thing.   I guess what rubs me the wrong way about all of this fat shaming stuff is that people seem absolutely, insanely furious that some people would be fat and deny that they had any part in becoming fat. Now, I don't have statistics on this, but I do not think most overweight people truly believe they are not responsible in some way for being overweight. For the few that do, what's the big deal? A relative of mine claims he can't control himself when he drinks to excess. I roll my eyes.   I mean, where does the anger originate? Are you worried that suddenly being fat will become acceptable and we'll all eat ourselves to extinction? Because I think right now there is still overwhelming social pressure to be thin. And I can't see that changing.    Are we the same person?    I need to join this club too!    You seem pleasant. How did she shift the blame onto you for her weight? I don't see that in the exchange.    I agree with her other point that we don't question whether a thin person is healthy or not. My friend was crazy thin but ate like shit and had high cholesterol and high blood pressure. No one asked her about that. But I think if you're fat we think you're open to scrutiny and can judge them based on their health decisions.    Why? Why would what this woman thinks infuriate you? I don't feel like it really affects you in any way. I don't think she is correct in her statement, but it certainly didn't infuriate me.   I don't think most women who have children stay at home with them, they usually have careers. I want kids but fuck if I'm going to be bored out of my mind as a stay at home mom haha.    Let's do it!    That's how I am, and I feel like there's something wrong with me. I like to masturbate but I don't really enjoy sex. I'm attracted to guys and I like doing physical things like touching but not penetrative sex. I feel weird about it and it's ended past relationships :(   This same shit happened to me. Guess what? He never contacted me again.   But if he's telling the truth ignore how jaded I am!    This gif makes me so happy.    I don't have many friends either. That sounds awesome!    It's such bullshit that they're pushing this idea of perfection on us. Like, perfection is having a thigh gap? No.   Yeah, trust me, I know I gained weight. No one needs to tell me lol.   That's really awesome advice. I have anxiety as well and was super nervous on a date last night and couldn't pin point why. I think it's just what you said, I was excited and I misinterpreted the physical feelings for anxiety and panic. But despite all of that the night was awesome and we're going on a second date! So it's worth it to push past your anxiety!   This is one the best gifs ever. I love Potter Puppet Pals!   Motherfucking potpourri?! Who gives a flying fuck about potpourri. God dammit.    I must have zero imagination then. I hated dolls and any time I got one I'd look at it confused and then go read a book.    Ugggh that's so true. I don't know who got it worse, me having gained weight, or my brother, for having ridiculously long hair. I'd rather have people comment on my long hair than weight...sob.    My friend has people who ask her "what are you" but they are generally referring to if she is a boy or a girl. She looks pretty androgynous. Still, wtf? What kind of person goes up to someone and asks, "what are you, a girl or a boy?" Rude.       Good lord. That's all kinds of messed up. Glad we're both rid of the trash :)    [Yeah!](http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140125042410/sistersgrimm/images/b/b3/High_Five.gif)     	83
 http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Are_good_grades_important the only thing that's changed is the qualifications of what is a "good grade." straight A's will always get you into college, even if it's not MIT.   How to duggy   I really wish I had an "I'll start," but sadly that's not the case. Do tell though. i think it makes people happier to know there's a reason to have faith in humanity!   well I guess that's okay. It can also be hard to see through the smoke sometimes :D !    Pineapple. Dead center. Ish. Don't be that blind. I'm too poor to get good "equipment." or anything besides a crappy camera. Like I said, you should send me a really awesome thousand dollar one and I'll re-do it.    I'm actually not able to enhance it, I tried downloading a couple programs but my computer's a little bit not high tech enough. If you wanted to send me a much better camera then then cheap one I can afford, I'll gladly take another one and PM it to you!       GIVE ALL THE UPVOTES   One of the few times I'm glad my computers slow and plays GIF's in slow motion.   It only goes up to Quad xp. And that's only if you have double xp from a coin or something like that. That's what they said when the game was released. Still not worth it for a coin, lol, but prettay cool.   Completely immune :/ to everything   Yeah I will admit that EVERY time I play that map there is SOMEONE there, I've started skipping it because it gets so bad. You're right, it does suck because it's one of the ONLY maps where you can actually have sniping battles, not quickscoping and smgs.   I saw a clan trying to do it. There's a wall, and you can just jump through the spot on the wall. I really doesn't take much effort, I can see a very rare chance of someone finding out about it on accident. very rare, but still there. I would doubt anyone would get banned "on accident."   Nice, thanks for that, but actually I saw a clan, of course, trying to get in it and I figured it out for myself. I was just expressing my opinion, you don't need to call me a liar. And I can honestly say I have no idea what cod 1337 is. I agree with what you said in the last part, though. I guess my opinions changed. Just be more cool, man.   That's true, and I forgot about that. They still need to stop making it so easy, though, lol.   I feel like it's really uncool of them to put something so exploitable in the game. I mean, I found it and now it's like, I didn't cheat to get it, you gave it to me. They need to patch it and stop doing this, like the prestige tokens. Why should people get banned? They didn't mess up or change the code or do ANYTHING that they were told they weren't allowed.    I thought it was funny   I upvoted for going through and thanking everyone that responded, lol   1st pic: not bad, not absolutely stunning like the second one :) I vote short hair   Three types: TDM, KC, and DOM is one lobby, Objectives is the second lobby, and Harcore mosh pit is the third lobby option. though you can get a dlc map randomly in the regular playlists if everyone in the lobby has them.   How did you first get involved with clans in general? I googled CoD clans, picked one that sounded interesting to me How did you get into the current clan you participate in? Last one broke up, I migrated with some members What are the benefits of being involved with your clan? Mw3 is terrible to play by yourself, we're a strictly "for fun" clan so it lets you play with people you know. Has it created a community/friendships for you? Yeah, definitely. We communicate and help each other out, joke around, and practically spend every night shouting at each other (In a good way. ish, lol) Do you know anyone from the clan outside of xbox live? no If so, how? nope What is the goal of playing with a clan? fun and playing with people you know  . What methods do you use to set up matches? Just whoevers online joins a lobby/party Do you see a competitive future for your group? Not at all How do you stay in touch with fellow clan members? Just whoevers online, party chat.  Clan name's Rise Against Gaming, changed from Soldiers of Desolation (SoD). Good luck with your project   I probably won't answer.   This is like one of those signups at the mall, except I would gladly give my email and social security number for a free Skyrim.      A couple questions...    - What is the chance that we actually can achieve H3 fusion?    - How much H3 would we need to get from the moon to continue testing? Like, how much from the moon would we need?    - Why haven't we done it already??         So there's this girl I talk to once in a while, same friend group as me. However, according to some of her friends, and her obvious actions, she has a crush on me (Yay not foreveralone!) I'm not opposed to anything possibly happening between us, however, every time we have a conversation, she makes it super duper awkward. Like, if I say I like something, she'll make a big deal about liking it too... and then it dissipates into silence. Any advice on making the situation more comfortable?  P.S. if any of you spell awkward wrong, I will cry.   For the past several years, I've been a straight A student. I went to high school three years early by moving to a city that had a program that allowed me to do that. I've always had a pretty good work ethic. For the past couple months, though, I've been having difficulty maintaing my school work. I've done literally no work outside of class. I scrape by by making up lies and turing stuff in late. Is there any way to get back into a system where I can get motivated? It's gotten so bad I spent more time on reddit writting this post then I did on my eight page history paper due... 1st block tomorrow. Any help would be great.  EDIT: I was diagnosed with depression a year ago, and it's been downhill ever since.         lololol   I've shouted that exact same phrase at my friends, lol "This is game frustration, chill out" if they get mad in real life. I think it's a sign that you're getting into the game. Of course, it can evolve into real life frustration, but I think a healthy array of emotions is good for gaming. Getting "game frustrated" relieves anger in real life for me, and makes the game that much more captivating.   What works for me whenever this happens is to sleep. And a fair amount of tears :/ Anger is what makes it go away for me. Probably really weird. But getting mad at the sadness. Determination to make it go away. Pissed off at what it's doing to you, me, everyone. For some reason whenever I feel utterly terrible I drive really fast and tell the sadness to F off, I'm going faster then it can.    back at ya :)   Skyrim: Awesome. Waaaay to many bugs and glitches, but it's the best work of art I've ever seen. if you need proof of this, just look at the sky for ten seconds in the game.   Worst...: This pains me to say, because mw3 is my favorite game (sue me) but it really is junk artistically. Same format for everything, copy of mw2 virtually, simple menu and texture packs. Done.   My type of game is cod :( I know, hate on me but it's what I enjoy. However, if I bought the game because I enjoyed the story, I would be incredibly stupid. I might play the first mission. But probably not. So far on mw3, I've got 20 minutes on the campaign, and 8 days on the multiplayer. Campaigns are just gone from those games, but I'm not really into single player so I'm okay with that.   originally posted on wrong subreddit, then switched.    Nah, i'm not sure exactly what happened but I didn't remove or edit this post. I can see why the moderators might have removed it, cuz it wasn't a question, but then it was in relation to all you guys :/   As i was reading this it shocked me because of how similar my life is to yours right now, i can relate so much. I just wanted to let you know that there are people out there who understand :/   I apologize, because this wasn't really a question as much just sayiing thanks. :/ this subreddit is the best, though, so it seemed appropriate :)    I enjoyed this   	41
 Yeah... I didn't want to ever have to ask this question, but how do you keep going when you feel like there's nothing to keep going for? It's not that I'm actually alone, I have an amazing boyfriend, a great group of friends, etc. It's just this awful feeling that it's all going to be taken away from me.  What started this depressive episode is my boyfriend texting me, saying 'I'm so fucking tired of everything this world has to offer" and then telling me to forget about it, and that he'll "be fine" I know him, and know he wont be fine.   This is making me worry, which is something I do way too much. I worry about impending doom, how much I weight (to the point where my food intake is being monitored because I don't eat "enough"), my friends' happiness, being late to things, the things that go on while I sleep, etc. My mind is constantly going at 500 mph, and I can't keep up. It's a horrible existence, really.   I have so much pressure on me to be something, to be the only person in my family to never get arrested, go to college, get a good job, make good money, etc. I used to be a star student and that was where I got my self worth. now, my grades are falling and so is my self worth. I feel like if I'm not my family's trophy child then there is no reason to be their child at all, that I'm just a disappointment.   I cut. A lot. My mom made me go to a psychiatrist because of it. After practically interrogating me for a few hours, they got to the touchy subject I hate talking about- rape. I was raped as a child repeatedly by a cousin not too much older than me. Honestly, being raped didn't make me feel mad at him, I feel mad at myself for not saying no. I feel mad at myself for not stopping him. I feel mad at myself for not screaming at the top of my lungs. I feel... Used. Anyways, I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Clinical Depression. They thought that the best thing to do for m was prescribe me an antidepressant. It worked amazingly at first, but after a while,I began to feel like a zombie. As if I was an empty shell. As if I had no control over my mind. I take the pill sporadically, but for the most part, I don't.   Honestly, at this point, I feel like my life is going nowhere, and that theres no point in trying anymore. I was never pretty, I was never talented, hell, I'm not even a virgin and I'm 13, but I was smart and going places. Now... Now I'm just nothing.  Why do I feel so lost? Why do I feel like such a failure? Should I go back on my medication?   Alright, so I hang out with a group of people containing all the "weird" kids from my school. We wear a lot of black, cause, ya know, it's the color of our souls. Anyhow, my boyfriend is amongst this group, and lately he has been very depressed. This caused a domino effect, which even caused one of my best friend's parents to find out about her self harming problem and homeschool her. Honestly, I feel like when one of us falls, we all fall... And shatter into a million pieces on the hard ground below.   Long story short, I need answers to these three questions...  Do you think that us hanging out together is self destructive? How can I try and help my friends? How do I keep it together myself when surrounded by sadness?   Alright, so my boyfriend and I have been together for a while. We're teenagers so we can't really do anything super sexy or romantic on Valentine's day, but we both have a love for the arts. Writing, music, drawing, etc. What are some ideas as to something I could make for him? I was considering writing a super cheesy song for him or something like that.   We all went into the counselor's office today crying. Him, our friends, me. I'm looking more for ways to cheer him up.    I feel like you need to seek help. Not necessarily medication, but definitely some counseling.    I'm 13. He's 14, let's call him Shmer. We've been very close since I met him, and after being best friends for a very long time, we ended up together. Our relationship is very different from most people our age's. We have a very strong, emotional connection, and we don't rush things. We've been going out for 2 moths, and are not very physical. We can tell each other anything and everything, and know each other's deepest and darkest secrets.   His  dad is insane. Not necessarily straight out abusive, but he is very mean to him. He doesn't accept him for who he is. He wants Shmer to be a trophy father's trophy son, and thats just not who he is. He found out that Shmer has been having some self harm problems and can't even look him in the eye anymore and says he has to go lie with his mom. Honestly, he's not very happy in either of those houses. I know I can't do much, but, I want to help.  Usually, he is my rock. He is the one I lean on, the one that takes care of me.Now, I want him to be able to lean on me, but I don't know how to be happy myself, that way I can focus on him. Honestly, the rest of our friends and I just broke down today because we were so worried about him, and what he might do. How can I make him feel a bit happier? I see him everyday at school. I text him whenever I can (when he has his phone). Are there any little things I can do here and there to make him feel better?  i just... I don't know how to handle seeing him hurting. It breaks my heart. He helps everyone else, but wont let anyone help him.   	6
 just because he's sitting in a normal chair doesn't mean his legs are functioning. I imagine wheel chairs get uncomfortable after a while, and maybe the chair hes sitting in is stationary, so he couldn't set his wheelchair up anyway.    how much money did you originally pump into this?   my aunt is a heroin addict. the second time she went to rehab, she met her eventual husband, another addict who fathered her child. shes obese beyond belief, and is ruining the lives of my grandparents. she has never had a job, and has lived off the kindness of others for decades. anyways, whenever we would have family dinners, she would be invited, just so we could get her 8 year old son into a positive environment for a little while. know its small, but one of the things she did that got under my skin the most happened on my aunts birthday. i was sitting at the kids table, (im too old for it, but i was playing with my little cousin) and my cousin was super excited to eat the cake we had. he spent all of dinner talking about it, just pumped up, because he never got to eat awesome food at home. anyways, desert rolls around, and my aunt gives him some cake. now, as i said, his mom is super obese, so we never give her cake and what not. as hes trying to eat the cake, she keeps nagging him to give her some, and threatening to ground him and shit if he doesn't. eventually he gives it over. it was just so fucked up to see something as innocent as a little kid eating junk food to be poisoned by such a terrible person. of all the things she has done to my family. stealing away her sons childhood is the most unforgivable.   i have read killing joke, dark knight returns, long halloween, all the really popular stuff. wondering if there are any super important batman reads that arent as popular as those titles.    not enough people live in most of these areas to justify the billions it would cost to build these stops. i hate awkwardly busing around as much as the next person, but this isn't an investment that would ever pay off.    clearly the work of drug kingpin, todd cannot be stopped   I drop my phone a lot, looking for a VERY sturdy case, at a low cost. help?   Thank you, its good to hear that there are other people out there who understand what this is like. I just don't think I can ever fully explain what I am feeling. Like when I first tried to explain things to my family, no matter how much I said, I could never really describe what I felt. I know I need to use the resources at my disposal, I just don't really know how. How can I be honest with other people, if I have a hard time being honest with myself?   	8
       Does anyone use myfitnesspal?  I could really use some friends on there to help with encouragement.  I keep falling off the wagon and I keep telling myself I'll start tomorrow.  So I started again today.  I'm getting married March 10 and need to drop some pounds by then so I can fit into my wedding dress and look super awesome.    My name is lefoll.    I haven't ever had a desk job; I've always worked retail, food service, tutoring, or child care.  The job I start tomorrow is, from what I was told, a repetitive data entry job at a major oil/energy company.  I'll thankfully be making enough to where I can move out in a matter of months.  There are tons of pros to this other than financial, like opportunities and just experience.  I'm still freaking out.  I'm terrified I'll suck at the job.  I've got minor anxiety, which doesn't help of course.  I know asking questions is encouraged but I'm still afraid to do so.  Anyone else have a lower level desk job who has worked retail or other service jobs in the past who can send me some encouragement/advice???   I'm a female and I feel females are definitely the minority on this subreddit.  At least that's what I gather from progress pics I've seen.  I mean, seeing the male progress pics is awesome, but it is encouraging to see a lady every now and then, given that weight loss for men is (or seems to be) easier and faster.    I have just started keto myself, so no progress pics yet.  Once I get down enough for a very noticeable difference, though, I'll be plastering them everywhere.   I was on keto for a whole week and then last night I had a handful of chocolate covered pretzels in a moment of weakness.  That kicked me out of ketosis and I'm a little pissed.    Seriously.  I would slaughter a pig for a sugar cookie, and I know if I indulged, I'd go overboard.  I just entered ketosis about 8 hours ago and I don't want to kick myself out.  **Thanks for all the tips/suggestions/anecdotes!**   After over 2 years of engagement, I finally set my wedding date for March 10.  In the last 3 months I've let my emotions get the best of me and I've gained 20 pounds, so my dress doesn't fit anymore.    So, the things that keep me going are:  *  The thought of my wedding dress fitting (or better yet: having to be taken in)   *  The effects of my PCOS and insulin resistance will have subsided.  This includes unsightly things such as random facial hair   *  Changes in how I feel every day.  Chances are the heartburn will be reduced (according to doctor and various personal sources) and more energy.     *  Won't have the urge to give into emotional eating.  I would really like to hear some other motivational thoughts that kept you going through the induction/detox phase.  Maybe there are some others out there just starting out who will benefit from them too.   Okay, I've been really bored lately so I'm knitting a beanie that I'm going to send to someone (along with other things) for reddit secret santa.  [Here's](http://i.imgur.com/Uurhl.png) the pattern grid I made for it.   Anyways, I got 3/4 done with the hat before I realized that the color strands were too tight.  Any tips on keeping it loose?   I was on Zoloft for about a year at a high dosage.  The only positive thing I could say about it was that I lost 50 lbs on it.  I stopped my habit of emotional eating.  Everything else sucked.  I became an apathetic zombie.  My sex drive was way down, and it has remained so after being off it for a month now.    I'm now sure that I don't need an SSRI, but I do need some kind of medication.  I don't have insurance to visit my doctor, but I've been going to my GP my entire life and he'll change my prescription with a free phone or email consultation.  I've heard good things about sex drive and personality on Wellbutrin and I think an NDSI might help me a lot more.    What side effects have you experienced on Wellbutrin?  If you have experience with both Zoloft and Wellbutrin, which do you do better on and why?  I'm aware that my brain chemistry is specific to me, but I'd like to hear personal experiences.   For me, I was dumbstruck when I moved to Nashville and realized how few people had ever heard of kolaches.  It was only a few days later I was told they're localized mainly to Texas.   Three days this week I've tried W1D1 and can't find the strength or energy to finish it.  Before this week I decided to warm up by just walking the 3 miles for 4 days in a row, but I guess it didn't help very much.  I think one problem is my breathing.  I breathe through my mouth and I don't seem to inflate my lungs enough.  Breathing through my nose makes my nose burn for days afterwards and my lungs still end up hurting.  I get about 3/4 of the way done and I end up having to skip one minute of running just to stop my excruciating chest/lung pains.  Does anyone have any advice? Any resources to send to me about running/breathing/etc...?  The posts here are very encouraging and I'm just getting really down on myself because I can't complete the first day.   Complete newbie here, been playing around on the training maps for a while and am almost ready to jump into server play.  Is voice chat necessary? I know many find it beneficial for coordinating tactics and strategies, but is it absolutely necessary? Will I be harassed for not using it? I'm also a girl, if it matters.   I've been on the career hunt for the past 3 months now.  I graduated from college in August and have had about 6 interviews so far to no avail.    I know how important appearance is in a job interview.  I have long, healthy hair but I realize now that the length is too long to look professional in any way other than a bun.  So I'm going tonight to get a few inches chopped off, and I was wondering if you ladies had any suggestions as to how I should wear it.  I've been going with a straightened simple pony.  I have hesitations about wearing it down because I tend to play with my hair, especially when I'm nervous.  I plan on keeping it medium length at least, but other than that I'm clueless as to what to do.     [This](http://youtu.be/2wdw64aHYXA) is mine.  Vishnu, can those Indians dance.   I will preface this by saying that this question is more for the resident atheists of r/Christianity, but anyone is welcome to weigh in of course.  I am not seeking to involve myself in a back and forth discussion, I just want to hear your opinions.  Logic is not instinctual in human beings.  From personal experience, the classes that myself and many other people I know had difficulty with in university were philosophical or mathematical logic.  Acting emotionally, however, seems to be very instinctual to human beings.  My question is this:  Do you consider emotion-based belief to be incorrect and if so, why (when considering the emotional instinct we all have)?  Also, why is logic considered superior when it is also a set of rules coined by ancient philosophers?   It might be a good thing to mention I have a degree in mathematics, so I understand why logic is important from a mathematical perspective.  Mods, I apologize if this belongs in a different subreddit.  I don't dare post it to r/atheism, and I decided against r/debatereligion because I don't plan on being very involved in this discussion.  I merely want to observe responses/opinions.   The past month I've been in the biggest depressive state I can remember.  My sleep schedule had been from 6am - 4pm daily, my Zoloft wasn't working, and I barely left my bed.  I wouldn't leave my apartment for days on end and when I did, it was to go get M Ms and drown my sorrows in junk food.  Two days ago I decided enough was enough.  I started taking my Adderall again, and I've gone for 3 mile walks every morning.  My sleep schedule is closer to normal now, and I have an interview today.  I hope this serves as encouragement for someone out there feeling as hopeless as I did.  Seriously, get off your ass and go for a walk, even if it's just 10 minutes.  Download a podcast (I recommend Wait Wait, Don't Tell Me, it's pretty funny) and just stroll.  It's amazing how depressing sitting in front of a computer/TV all day can be.     My sleep schedule is oriented in a way such that I am waking up at 4:30 am and I usually try to make it to memorial park to walk 3 miles, but I'm wary about going before sunrise.  Now that winter's coming and sunrise is getting later, though, is problematic.  I know the trail is lighted but I wanted to know if anyone has any personal experience with it being safe.      I just finished Dalek Invasion of Earth where Susan stays on Earth with David and it's assumed she marries him.  I've heard the general consensus is that she left to fight in the Time War when it started, but wouldn't she still have had the opportunity to have children?  It's not like the War started right away.    Is it assumed Time Lords and humans can't procreate?   Also, does anyone else wish more of the classic Who elements would come back to the revival? I know we've seen some things like Rassilon and the Master, and I realize it's difficult with the Time War and everything.  Oh wishful thinking.   I've been searching for a job for the past 4 months now.  I have a B.S. in Mathematics but no professional job experience.  If you know of any companies hiring ANYWHERE in the US, let me know please.  I need a job, and am willing to relocate if the salary is enough to cover cost of living plus student loans expenses.  I'd really appreciate it.   We love the show, there are so many good characters, but which one is your absolute favorite and why?  Mine would be Astrid.  She has that caring personality, she gets called hilarious names by Walter (Aspirin! Asterisk! Astro!), and she goes on supermarket runs without complaining.  She's Walter's sidekick and she's awesome.   I'm getting pretty tired of Moffat/writers ignoring the TARDIS translation circuit.  A few examples are: when the Doctor speaks baby, when the Doctor translates the Krafayis's last words as it's dying, the Doctor translating the alien Minotaur's final words in the God Complex... the list goes on. There should be no excuse for the TARDIS not translating this.  If the Doctor knows all these languages, the TARDIS definitely should.  The only exception should be Gallifreyan (as mentioned in this subreddit before), so that non-Time Lord TARDIS thieves wouldn't be able to pilot her.  Any other discontinuities out there that are pissing people off?  This part of DW canon that is being ignored by Moffat is unacceptable to me.  There have been dozens of other directors who have done DW just as well as Moffat, why does he get to rewrite everything? Don't even mention Big Bang 2 because that was a cheap attempt of shaking the DW etch-a-sketch.   I'm back on C25K.  I started in in March 2010 using the treadmill at our old apartment complex and got up to W3D1.  Then my mom left my dad, I had to move out, my dad died and I put it off.  I lost 50 pounds after my dad's passing but didn't exercise so I figured I was good to go.  Fast forward 8 months after my weight loss subsided and I've gained 15 back, so I decided to give C25K another go.    I did W1D1 yesterday outside on a local trail.  It was hard, even though I'm 35 pounds lighter than I was before.  I had to distract myself from looking at my shadow, and I felt like I was barely moving when I was running even though I was exhausted.  But I'm excited! D2 tomorrow! doing Zumba on the days between :)      So I've decided to jump back on the keto bandwagon after being off for a couple years.  I've been gaining weight back and am not happy, and being insulin resistant I've found this is the way to go.  Here's my problem, though.  Over the last 6 months I've suffered from acid reflux.  I made a meatza yesterday and woke up in excruciating pain last night from it.  I'm assuming it has something to do with the pepperonis.   ANYWAYS, Could you share your favorite blander keto recipes with me?         Saturday's episode should be part 1 of the season finale :( Unless for some reason they forego the 2 part finale for the first time.      Can we add something to the sidebar of links to threads of FAQs?   For example, I've seen[ this question](http://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/kj60a/to_those_of_you_who_reject_the_theory_of_evolution/) posted about 200 times since joining reddit.  Maybe I'm being nit-picky, but it seems after a while most of the regulars skip over it anyways since we've already answered it multiple times before.         [Beginning weight: 226.2 lbs](http://i.imgur.com/8xWIj.jpg)  [Lowest weight: 172.2 lbs](http://i.imgur.com/P4zZl.jpg)  I've gained some back (I'm at about 181 right now) and I need to get my motivation back.  Since I graduated I haven't been walking (big college campuses supplemented for exercise).  TBH I think most of the weight loss happened as a result of my father's death.  He suffered from severe anxiety and depression and that rubbed off on me.  After he passed away much of my anxiety and depression was gone, including my emotional eating habits.  While I was losing weight I was drinking Cokes (not diet) and the weight just kept falling off (it was weird).  I've fallen back into the bored eating routine again, and I think putting this up here will motivate me to get back on track.      I'm a recent graduate and I've been asked about submitting to tests before I start work (non medical state).  I'm not worried about failing because I haven't smoked in a few months (bc of the job search), but once I take and pass the test will I be free and clear for the most part?  That is, do many companies have you submit to random drug tests while you're working?   I see people posing with penguins, sloths, koalas, and different exotic animals from time to time and as an animal lover, I was wondering how would I go about getting to do this?  I've looked into my local zoo and can't find anything, and I'd rather not be with a giant group all groping the animal at the same time (I'm selfish that way, I guess).        I currently live in Houston, TX but the job market here sucks balls.  So I started applying anywhere and everywhere.  I got a bite in NJ (specifically the New Brunswick area) and a preliminary offer of ~$40k/year with a promotion after 3-6 months. I know the standard of living is higher up there than down here.  Is 40 grand enough to live on decently?   Also, if I do end up moving, what should I know beforehand? Is it reasonable to commute to NYC from New Brunswick every day via train? My fiance will be moving with me and his search area includes NYC.  Thanks, any help is much appreciated.   I've been on the hunt for 3 weeks now.  I know that's not as long as some people, but student loans are scheduled to be due in October and I *really* need to find a job by then.  I've tried submitting my resume to temp agencies, I've tried r/HoustonJobs, Craigslist, Indeed, Monster, CareerBuilder, CollegeGrad, RigZone, etc... but haven't found anything.    I got some on here to look at my resume a while back and took all the advice and it's looking pretty good.  What should I be doing that I'm not? It's not practical for me to walk into a big corporation and ask for the HR manager and many companies don't list their information on the website.  Any advice? Any companies you know of to whom I should be applying?  Basic info: B.S. in Mathematics with an overall GPA of roughly 2.8.  Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite including Access and Outlook, intermediate proficiency in SAP, SPSS, MatLab, R, just learning Python, C#, and VisualBasic.  I've tried applying for careers in almost every field, mainly focusing my search to analyst positions.  Any help would be greatly appreciated and I can provide a link to my resume if requested.   I recently graduated from university.  I've been sending out my resumes for about 3 weeks now and yesterday I spent 4 hours sending them to temp agencies, as well as other cities.  Today I have gotten 4 phone calls from either the agencies or other cities' companies but have just let them go to voicemail and gone back to sleep.    I need a job desperately yet I always sabotage myself.  Can anyone talk me out of it? I'm terrified of an interview, feeling I'm going to do horribly so why even bother?  Thanks.      Also, when I see a grackle doing a funny dance where it kicks back its wings and opens its beak and starts chasing another one around, is the grackle attempting to mate or scare off the invader?      I've read multiple posts saying "Put on a suit and go out and talk to someone face-to-face!"  To whom do I talk? Do I ask for the HR manager? I've been using internet job boards to no avail and tomorrow plan on getting out there but what are some things I need to know beforehand?  Edit: For clarification, I just graduated with a B.S. in Mathematics and am looking for a corporate analyst position (business, financial, risk, compensation, etc...).  I'm 24 and located in a booming business city (Houston, TX if you must know)      Third time posting to r/resumes. I've taken suggestions and revamped my resume to better showcase myself.  I'd love critiques.    NOTES:   * The actual .doc format is one page, but for some reason googledocs extended it to two. * I didn't include my overall GPA because when my father died in the middle of the semester, the trauma of finding his body overcame my ability to finish the semester. I couldn't drop out due to financial aid, and as a result my GPA went down the toilet.  Also, along the lines of GPA, can I calculate my GPA from the credits that applied towards my degree?  That is, if I failed a class and re-took it, could I calculate it without the failed course factoring into my GPA? Or is that professionally dishonest?    [Here you go](https://docs.google.com/leaf?id=0BxjavmoMCR2qNmVmMzgxNmQtZTcwNS00ODRmLThiYmYtMjlkZDg4ZmFhMDYw hl=en_US)   First off, I have a couple prayer requests.  They may seem petty to some, but I'm really struggling and need some guidance.  I graduated a couple weeks ago from university after the most emotionally tumultuous  5 years of my life and I'm stuck.  I can't get a call back for an interview.  I wasn't involved in many things during university and didn't have any internships.  I have a BS in Math and I've applied to every analyst position I can find, tweaking my cover letter for every company.  My health insurance runs out September 1st and I can't afford to renew it, much less pay my bills.  I would really appreciate some prayer or suggestions for my situation.  While you're at it, please pray for those who are facing even more difficult times than I am in this broken world.  Second, I have a friend who is 8 months pregnant.  Her husband is a youth minister, she's on leave from her hourly retail position.  They have a 2 year old daughter but donated her baby clothes as she grew out of them, and they're lacking clothes/accessories for their newcomer.  If anyone could assist in this it would be greatly appreciated.  [Here's the post I put in r/babyexchange.](http://www.reddit.com/r/BabyExchange/comments/jy9ti/request_infant_clothesitems_for_a_baby_girl/)  I apologize for using r/Christianity in this way for those of you who may disagree with this post.  I just have nowhere else to turn.  After 4 weeks of pulling my hair out from rejection emails, I'm lost.    Thanks y'all.  Love you.   This sub was suggested to me by r/Assistance.  I think it's such a great idea!  I have a friend who is almost 8 months along.  They have one little girl already (2 years) but they donated her baby clothes as she outgrew them.  They're not super poor, but I doubt they have enough to buy their baby a whole new wardrobe.  They haven't had a baby shower yet and I'm not sure if they even will, so I was wondering if anyone had any clothes they'd like to donate to the cause.  The husband is a church worker and the wife has been on leave from her hourly retail job for a couple months.  I'd love to surprise them with a box full of clothing and accessories for little Harper so they aren't spending their own hard-earned but limited money when she arrives.    Someone also suggested something of a digital baby shower on r/assistance and that would be great, too, but it's not necessary.  So if anyone wants to donate clothes/accessories/money to this cause, PM me and I'll give you all the information you need/request.  I'm a long-time redditor, check me out if you so choose :)    Helllo my favorite subreddit! I have a friend who is about 7.5 months pregnant with a little baby girl.  They already have one little girl but gave away all of her baby clothes after she outgrew them (not smart on her part).  She and her husband don't make very much and can't afford to go out and buy brand new clothes for their newcomer, and nobody has thrown her a baby shower.   I'd love to surprise her with a box full of clothes to choose from when little Harper arrives.  Does anyone have any they can spare? PM me for info :)   I don't want to have to sift through shit to find gold, so I'm asking for recommendations here.  Movies I really enjoyed include Sunshine and Event Horizon.  Someone suggested Cargo (2009 Swiss film) that I'll check out but I'd appreciate more.   I never understood this.  Jesus is a part of the Trinity, therefore He is God through the trinitarian relationship with God the "Father" and the Holy Spirit.  Does that make the Holy Spirit the crazy uncle of the bunch who watches us when we sleep?  To me, Jesus being the Son of God seems to imply that God the Father has supreme authority, but that's not the way the Trinity works.  They're all equally God and in sync with one another.  I'm assuming it has to do with the trinitarian relationship, but I never quite grasped this title of Son.   I grew up thinking agnostic was a viewpoint similar to atheism, where someone just doesn't know or care if there is a God or not.  After coming to reddit, however, I've learned the true definition of this classification.  Here are the definitions of gnostic and agnostic, respectively:   * **gnostic** Adjective: Of or relating to knowledge, esp. esoteric mystical knowledge. * **agnostic** Adjective: asserting the uncertainty of all claims to knowledge.  Online dictionaries tell me that I was partially correct in my original thinking, but I prefer this definition to associate with my faith.  I have never had a "supernatural" experience of God outside feelings, coincidences, and situations.  I have no absolute certainty that God exists.  I'd really like to hear others' views on this and to which you ascribe and why.    Let me preface this question by giving some insight into my family history.  * **My mother's side of my family**: Her father, and all the men on his side of the family end up dying of cancer by the time they're 60, with the exception of my great-uncle.  My mother says he's "pickled" because he was an alcoholic his entire life and lived to be 79.  I doubt that, but it's not really relevant to my question.  The women on her father's side live to be 85 or older, as do the women on her mother's side.  There have hardly been any men on her mother's side of the family, and those that I do know of have had similar fates to her father's side (dying of something by the time they're 60 - 65)  * **My father's side of the family** is basically the same, with the men dying of heart disease or cancer by the time they're 65 (my father died last year at 60 from hypertensive cardiovascular disease). My grandmother on this side lived to be 90, her sister to 94, and their mother to 90.   So my question is this:  * Can susceptibility cancer and disease be genetically gender-specific? That is, since I'm a female do I have a higher chance of living longer than if I was a male?        I'd just like some opinions on the matter.  I know for women, the hormones and everything involved with pregnancy is a way of bonding with the child.  I actively want kids, my fiance doesn't at the moment but is willing to have them for me.  He says he's sure he'll love them more than he can imagine now.  Fathers, would you be willing to share your experiences and maybe a story about your child(ren) that just makes your heart explode from love (if applicable)?        I'll just list my skills and qualifications.  I've been applying to analyst positions but can't get a call for an interview and I've been taking r/resume 's advice on everything regarding my resume.  **Previous work experience:**  * server (waitress) - 5 years on and off * tutor - 1.5 years * teaching assistant - 1 year * day camp counselor - 3 summers    **Education:**  * B.S. in Mathematics * Undergraduate research: Epidemiological Model of Cholera in Haiti * Majored in Mechanical Engineering for a year and a half at the beginning of my college career   **Computer skills: **  * *expert experience*: Office including Excel, AutoCAD 2D, Inventor * *moderate experience*: MatLab, SPSS, Access, Pascal, R * *some basic experience*: mySQL, VisualBasic for Applications     Can anyone PLEASE help me figure out what it is I can do or what I should be applying for?    Is anyone else better at google-fu or ravelry-fu than me that can provide one?      [A while back](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/itd82/is_there_a_commercial_that_you_hate_so_much_that/) there was a thread about which commercial got on your nerves, with Arby's Good Mood Food being in the lead.   Now, which is your favorite?  Mine would be the Geico commercial where [the couple teaches their five year old how to dunk.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbn-GQXYzWg) Scholarship!   Inspired by [the poor guy who hasn't pooped since July 29th](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/jo5at/iama_guy_that_hasnt_pooped_in_the_month_of_august/).  Someone suggested a saline laxative (salt and warm water, chug) and someone else recommended using salt that isn't iodized, as the iodization will make it ineffective.  Is this true, and if so, why does the iodization make a difference?   I will be offering Mexican, American, or Texan snacks requested in return to whosoever fulfills my request!   Number one desire is ketchup flavor!            Okay, I already posted my resume on r/resumes, but that subreddit isn't very active.  Would someone on here be willing to look over my resume and give me some protips? I finally graduated and now am just looking for a career, but I've only gotten emails that include "regret to inform you."    [Here's the link](https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v pid=explorer chrome=true srcid=0BxjavmoMCR2qOWM1NGZhMzAtOTFmMi00NzJjLWJkYTEtNmJkNDAxZjc1M2Qz hl=en_US) to my resume on googledocs.  I've spent the last week and a half applying to over 50 positions.  If my cover letter sucks I'm also willing to pay someone $30 to write me a new one :D  **EDIT** You guys are amazing! Thanks for all of the advice, I'll spend the rest of the day perfecting my actual resume and I'll work on my career specific cover letters.           Resume available upon request.   I am very particular about my Coca Cola.  I will not buy 2L bottles of it because any time after the first opening it loses its carbonation. I will only drink fountain Coke if it has enough fizz (McDonald's is my go-to for fountain Coke), and I will buy Mexican Coke a couple times a week (nectar of the gods).      I'm a recent mathematics graduate, but I'm finding the jobs I have the best shot at have to do with programming of some sort, or with data analysis (SQL, Access, Oracle).  I bought a book on VisualBasic and Access 2007 but I want to teach myself a programming language.  Which one is the best for self-teaching for a career? I took *one* class in undergrad, and they'd teach Pascal or Fortran depending on which semester taken.  I unfortunately took the Pascal semester, which I didn't do too well in and have also heard that Pascal isn't even used for anything anymore.  I've heard C, C++, or Java are the way to go, but I'd like some more experienced opinions.  Thanks!      The 5 years I spent in college taking my undergrad were emotional hell, so I didn't have the emotional capacity to apply for internships or take initiative in building up my networks/connections.   I'm going to a career fair hosted by my school next week, but my resume looks so lame.  I've put all the job experience I've had, the computer programs I can use, but with a bachelors in maths with no minor (one research project and a few good references), I'm absolutely terrified and discouraged to even send in my resume to businesses focused in the financial sector.  Ultimately I'd like to be an actuary, and there are a few internship opportunities for which I'd be willing to apply.    Any advice? So far I've used a resume template that makes it stick out from the standard word-processor resumes.  What computer programs are invaluable to know for business related careers?       Tomorrow (8/2) marks one year anniversary of my dad's death.  My dad caused a lot of stress on our family by losing his business and then basically giving up on life, causing my mother to become physically ill every day (vomiting from financial stress). My fiance and I were the ones to discover his body and I'm still not finished grieving.  I went to therapy to deal with the trauma of finding him, but grief has its own way of doing things.    I've been having a rough past couple of days, and I can tell tomorrow's going to be even worse.  My mother grieved the loss of my father while he was still alive, so she's been able to move on with minimal grief.  I however am still grieving and am basically all alone in this. It's also my last week of college and so I've got the stress of studying for an advanced mathematics final to add on top of everything else.  I'm taking the next few days off from reddit in an attempt to get my emotions straightened out and could really do with some encouraging words or prayers.    Thanks, y'all.   My car isn't in the greatest condition, but I had it checked out by my fiance's dad (who owns a used auto parts place) and he said it will pass inspection.  Last time I got it inspected I got screwed out of $200 for unnecessary "repairs" (which I was told later were completely unnecessary for passing inspection).  I'm a female and so I've heard nightmare-worthy stories about women getting cars inspected and being taken advantage of.  Anyone on here have suggestions on a place that will just look at my car and pass it without offering five extra things it "needs to have done?"  I don't have the patience or money to deal with this and would rather avoid the BS altogether.   Any suggestions would be much appreciated!    More times than not I see the verses quoted in KJV are misunderstood by those quoting it.  Edit: I was misinformed, thanks to mypetition and CanadianGal25 for clearing this up.  I probably should have noted that the only information I have on the translation is what I heard in passing in a religious studies course.  Edit 2: When I said in my first draft that KJV was a flawed text, EarBucket summed up what I meant with the KJV's source being the TR:  The Textus Receptus has over six thousand variants from the earliest Greek texts. It contains portions that were translated back into Greek from the Vulgate because they didn't have Greek texts available. Most scholars today don't give priority to the TR.   Passage for context: [Matthew 18:15-20](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2018:15-20 version=ESV)  What does it mean to you and how does it relate to the epistles and the modern church?   The deterioration of his mental health after losing his job caused so much stress on my family.  He refused to take heart medicine after he lost the business, and the final years of his life he was basically waiting around to die.  He was working a menial contract delivery job, and used the money he earned to give me spending money, buy cigarettes, and buy junk food.    I still miss him, though, even though his poor financial choices almost broke our family.  He was the goofiest person alive and knew how to make me smile when I was stressed from school or my job.    He passed away 8/2/2010.  I saw him July 30, 2010 for the last time.  We went to pick him up to drive him up to KC, MO from Texas for my sister's wedding.  When we got there he said he couldn't go.  I was furious, I thought it was from his mental instability and anxiety associated with long-distance travel.  I walked out of the apartment while my fiance talked to him, but something inside me told me to go back and tell him how much I love him and hug him  Looking back, he must have known.  That was the last time I saw my father was the first time I saw him cry.  The entire time we were in KC, my fiance and I had the feeling we'd come back to find him dead, but not from heart attack.  We thought he would kill himself.  When we got back to the apartment on 8/2, I conveniently went to check the mail while my fiance went to check on my dad.  As I was walking up to our building, my fiance comes rushing out, phone in hand, giving me the "STOP RIGHT THERE" hand sign and look on his face.  It was the longest night of my life, and I was still convinced it was suicide.  It wasn't until I got the death certificate a few weeks later that "atherosclerotic and hypertensive cardiovascular disease" became the most relieving words I had ever read.  I'm miserable today.  I'm having fits of sobbing, stuffing my face with junk food.  [I miss my daddy.](http://i.imgur.com/WuzhC.jpg)   I'm well aware of GraphicRiver, but I was hoping to start on my resume today.  I can't buy any on GR until a deposit to PayPal has gone through and I'm itching to get it done.    If I have to wait I will, but [this](http://graphicriver.net/item/-3piece-swiss-style-resume-set/155832) and [this](http://graphicriver.net/item/get-minimal-resume-02/129773) are just so wonderful and I was hoping someone on here had another website resource to use that doesn't require a paypal-type transaction to purchase.  I'm one of those people who gets in the mood to do things and I get so frustrated when I hit a snag.  I'm also not proficient in InDesign enough to make my own, especially not that high caliber material.  Danke!      Any tips available on finding limits of matrices? I can work out markov chain problems fine until they ask for the eventual proportions, in which case I have a more difficult time.  Should I just work out the problem up until (A^5 )x and guesstimate from there?    I wrote to you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people— not at all meaning the people of this world who are immoral, or the greedy and swindlers, or idolaters. In that case you would have to leave this world. But now I am writing to you that you must not associate with anyone who claims to be a brother or sister but is sexually immoral or greedy, an idolater or slanderer, a drunkard or swindler. Do not even eat with such people.  *What business is it of mine to judge those outside the church? Are you not to judge those inside?* God will judge those outside. “Expel the wicked person from among you.”  1 Cor 5:9-13  This chapter is the reason Christians like myself choose not to associate ourselves with hate-mongering groups such as the Westboro Baptist Church, who claim to be our "brothers and sisters" but their platform is one of slander and hatred towards those outside the church.  I think Paul got it right: we have enough crap to deal with inside the church body to start judging and enforcing our beliefs on those outside.       Introducing myself!  23 year old female from Texas.  Raised in the Southern Baptist church, now engaged to an LCMS Lutheran.  Fiance is planning to go to seminary at some point and is currently looking for a youth ministry job. He's been a great source of theological discussion and leadership for me and, while I don't understand some Lutheran things, I agree with everything so far (after 3 years together).  I hope this group will gain in membership and submissions.  Looking forward to it!     My college career has been one of misery to say the least.  My family is in a large amount of debt, but makes enough to bypass the EFC limit for grants on the FAFSA.  My dad lost his business right before I started in 2006 and he passed away unexpectedly last August.  I have changed majors twice, colleges three times, and failed classes due to a drug problem and depression.  Today I took my last CLEP test and passed, meaning that assuming I pass my current summer school course, I wil be graduating in August.  This is also assuming financial aid goes through for the summer, but if it doesn't we should have a way of paying through my mom's or grandmother's credit union.  I am beyond excited to pick up my cap and gown, and now that I'm graduating, I am one step closer to marrying the love of my life.  We've been engaged for 2 years but we know well enough to wait until after we've graduated and have careers to tie the knot.    I'M GRADUATING!  I've been doing a happy dance for the last 30 minutes since getting home from the test.  Just had to share :)))))   [Here's the post in reference ](http://blog.chron.com/newswatch/2011/07/ktrk-video-hpd-officer-apparently-punches-handcuffed-suspect/)  I've started taking it upon myself to communicate my feelings on Houston policy with the mayor via her email mayor@houstontx.gov.  Today I got a letter back consisting of just two sentences that satisfied me:  Thank you for sharing your concerns regarding Houston Police Department  officers with me.  The officer referenced in the news article has been relieved of  duty, and an investigation has been instigated.   [Here's a copy](http://www.scribd.com/doc/60285980/Re-HPD-Officer-Punches-Suspect-07-18-11) of the letter emailed to me.  Annise, you're alright with me!         I suck at these, especially in the complex field.  This one's thankfully a real one but I'm having some trouble.    Let A, B be 2x2 matrices with real entries st lim A^m, lim B^m, and lim (AB)^m exist as m -- inf, but Lim (AB)^m != (lim A^m)(lim B^m). Find A   B.    I'm assuming there's no one correct answer.           I know this sub probably gets this asked all the time, but do I have a shot in the actuarial field? I've been taking 18+ hours a semester trying to finish my BS in maths.  I have excellent references from professors and past employers, but no internships or relevant financial experience. I'm studying this summer for the first exam and plan on taking it as soon as I can after I graduate in August.  I live in Houston, so there are many actuarial opportunities as it is a large corporate hub.  I have good resume boosters like volunteer work and tutoring, but nothing spectacular.  Help me, actuaries.  Do I have a decent shot at getting a job in the first 6 months after graduation?   Female, semi-attractive, graduating in a month from tier one research university with Bachelor's of Science degree in Mathematics.  Live in a very large metropolitan area with a major corporate presence (rated as a global city)  Is there hope for me finding a job outside of IT or CompSci? All of these unemployment threads are freaking me out. I'm good at going into interviews thinking I'm the shit, but will I even get that opportunity?         I grew up in a Southern Baptist church, where all I ever heard in youth group was   Don't have sex, because you will get pregnant and die. Don't have sex in the missionary position, don't have sex standing up... Just... dont' do it, okay?  As you can probably guess, that had a significant impact on my own sexuality.  I never explored my body; rather, I was ashamed of it.  Though I'm still a Christian I wholeheartedly disagree with that approach to it, as it usually results in rebellion or shame (at least in my youth group it did). Thankfully my fiance encouraged me to have discussions about our sexual life, and he eventually gave me this book that we could read together and since then my attitude about sex and my own sexuality have greatly improved.  If you or your SO aren't comfortable with your sexuality because of what you've been taught at church or from your parents, please pick up this book: [Sheet Music by Kevin Lehman](http://www.amazon.com/Sheet-Music-Uncovering-Intimacy-Marriage/dp/0842360247).  It's a very frank book about sexual intimacy in a Christian marriage and the misconceptions the church places on its young people.  It deals with all kinds of relationships, too: two virgins raised in the faith, more experienced individuals, sufferers of sexual abuse, etc... The only poor reviews are ultra feminists claiming it to be misogynistic (it isn't) or ultra conservatives claiming it to be smut (again, it isn't).  [Here's an excerpt](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-FArUKp-O6Sw/ThH_Gz1NCbI/AAAAAAAAAHE/osPCM3a_Suc/s1600/SheetMusicExcerpt.jpg).  Also, feel free to share any opinions or stories of growing up in the church and its affect on your sexuality.     So we were moffucked again a few days ago when Moffat said we still know nothing about River. What if her entire persona around the Doctor is an act, as she had been trained to do by those who raised her? What if she is really the bad guy in all of this? Is that even a possibility?  Also, I'm starting to think River and 11 aren't very romantically involved. I'm thinking the Stevie Wonder and Singing Towers Doctor is a future incarnation, especially since the screwdriver he gave River (for the Library) is not 11's screwdriver. She says it's his screwdriver (as opposed to a screwdriver), and 10's was destroyed in the Eleventh Hour.  Am I thinking too much? This break is destroying me. Thank heavens for Torchwood tonight.   I have a friend who is pregnant.  A couple months ago, they found out the baby wasn't developing properly.  Its organs are outside of its body, and its face is very disfigured.  The family of the girl are very pro-life and have had a difficult time finding a doctor that didn't want to abort the baby.  They found one, and they are testing to see if its a chromosomal abnormality.  If it is, they'll make the baby as comfortable as possible and let it pass once it's born.  If not, the doctors can do something about it (I'm not sure how but they say they can).  Now, I'm pro-life except in extreme cases where the mother is in danger, but now I'm thinking I'd be okay with an abortion in this situation.  I believe babies who die go to heaven.  I'd just like some input for the future, as this family has already made their choice in the matter. Extreme complications in pregnancy could happen to anyone, and just in case it happens to me at some point, I'd like to have opinions from well-rounded Christians such as you guys.            I've seen many posts recently asking why certain actions are sin, mostly relating to homosexuality.  I need analysis of something I was taught by a theologically well-rounded Reverend (meaning, he has a Masters of Divinity).  He first referred me to Romans 6:23  For the wages of sin is **death** but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord  The reason he emphasized death, is that it refers us to the actions listed in the OT that are sinful.  That is, if an action's consequence is death in the OT, it's considered sinful post-resurrection.  He also told me I had to take into account the role of women in those times, and we had to alter it to fit the current worldview.  Women in the Torah were treated as submissives to men, not because the Torah commanded it, but because the role of women in those days was extremely submissive.    For example, there's the following:  Rape of someone who is engaged. If she is not engaged you only have to marry her and give her father 50 shekels. No mention is made of the girl’s opinion. (Deut 22:25)  We're all aware of the dowry system of marriage, where a father basically "sells" his daughter to the best man who comes along.  The selling of a high price assured that the daughter would be going to a home worthy enough for her, by her father's opinion.   I did some research and came across [this](http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Actions_which_demand_the_death_penalty_in_the_Old_Testament) article. I personally don't perceive banishment to be the same as death, and I don't think Jesus nor Paul did either.  Jesus encouraged people to give up everything and follow him, which in Jewish law would be abandoning ones family or banishing themselves.   Anyways, this entire rambling is just to ask others' opinions about the reasoning this Reverend gave me.    As for premarital sex and sexual promiscuity, I recently read a comment that explained very well the benefits of [waiting until marriage](http://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/i31yo/any_redditors_who_waited_until_marriage_to_have/c20jv10)  TL;DR: Reverend answered a question I had about what constitutes sin, would appreciate feedback.  His reasoning: if the consequence was death in the Torah, it's a sin now.                   I really appreciated Elisabeth Sladen and SJS, but it's been half a season since she passed.  Can we update it with something relevant to this series now? Perhaps River? Or EPL?   i hope this isn't considered spam. i just want to help someone else out since I can't use it. if you take heart meds or antidepressants, you should disregard.  [healthy trim](http://www.healthytrim.com/htlanding.asp)  This stuff is promoted on a local radio show and one day I gave in and bought a bottle.  However, after receiving it, I decided against taking it.  One of the warnings regards antidepressants, which I take.  So, would anybody like to take it off my hands? It's been sitting in a drawer of mine for 6 months and I feel like someone else could benefit from it.    [pic of me with it](http://i.imgur.com/sADd4.jpg)  the seal is unbroken, hence why i don't open it and show the contents.              Forest of the Dead:  [River: Anita, if he dies, I'll kill him!](/spoiler)  W. T. F.  fixed with the spoiler.   The doctor saw a silent in his TARDIS before and after asking rory about why amy   river are cross.  That's something I didn't notice before.  But my question is this:  why was the doctor an idiot at flying the TARDIS on his way to the oval office? River corrected him a few times (scanner, invisibility, silencing the engines) and it doesn't make sense.  it's just a random thing that occurs.... which is why i think it's important.    Something about this is screaming TARDIS but I can't figure it out.  Stetson doctor didn't interact with the TARDIS  at all.  why not?  why send the invitations if he could just hop over and pick everyone up?  **EDIT** I'm watching it over and scrutinizing every scene.  The scene where they initially get to FL and are using their flashlights (or torches) to get around, you see a spaceman watching them. Look in the reflection of his mask and you can see the doctor acknowledge him.  I'm going with River Song's number one rule on this one... *the doctor lies*   I love british entertainment, but I often find myself lost when it comes to poking fun at regions in the UK.    One example I could think of is from the Boom Town ep of Doctor Who:  Blaine: "We're in Cardiff. London doesn't care, the south-west coast could fall into the sea and they wouldn't notice... [catches herself] Oh, I sound like a Welshman. God help me, I've gone native."  what are the major regional stereotypes in the UK?         I'm in the middle of my weight loss journey.  I'm stuck with all my fat clothes and not much $$ to buy a new wardrobe.    I need advice on how I can transform my current "chubby" wardrobe into a newer "thinner" one without a shopping spree.  also, i hope use of the term "fatty" doesn't offend anyone.  I was just fattier then than I am now :)  	117
                                        I was just wondering what people thought about the idea of a bimbo sub dedicated to hardcore material? I absolutely love the pics that get posted here, but I'd love even more to see some gifs or videos of bimbos getting nailed or sucking cock, which is where half of the attraction comes from for me.  I realise the sub is NSFW by default, but that doesn't seem to extend to HC, and I think it's better that way - I always feel HC stuff should have its own sub.  Does anyone else think it's an idea that could work? Unfortunately I wouldn't be in a position to start it, I haven't been on this account for 30 days yet, and to be honest, I go back to work on Monday, so I'd be too busy to be a mod as well. If anyone did start one I'd definitely post on it and try to keep it going.  Anyway, just wanted to float the idea, and see what people thought :)               I realise FC3 is quite an old game now, but I only recently bought and played it, and have to say, the cutscenes in it are absolutely brilliant, and I can think of few better.  The animations as they talk to you are brilliantly done, with all the subtle hand gestures, and body movements, and the voice acting is of a really high standard as well I think.  It's been a while since cutscenes genuinely got me more immersed in the game! It's also been a while since cutscenes genuinely made me laugh, but with Dr Earnhart, Hurk etc. I was chortling with gusto!                                                I recently just finished FC3 as a stealth player, but now I want to go back and become the embodiment of John Rambo. The thing is, I'm not sure how best to use C4 and mines in the game. In the experience I had in my stealth game, when enemies are fighting you, they often stay behind cover, and if they don't it's hard to predict where they'll go. Can anyone give me some tips on this? I'd be very grateful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 I've reached a point in the game where I'm finding dragon battles far too easy, and want to make them tougher. I know there is the mod Deadly Dragons, but I've tried and tried and can't get it to work. I also looked at Enhanced Mighty dragons but that seems to have been removed.  Are there any other active mods that could help me? Thanks                                                                                          I swear I've never played a game where I've put off completing as much as I have with Skyrim. I'm now at level 43, but just keep telling myself "I'll do this, then go back to the main quest.....I'll do THIS then go back to the main quest".  I still have the Dawnguard DLC to get through, and I'm thinking of getting Dragonborn, downloading the Fight the Thalmor stuff, and THEN I'll finish the main quest (I'm more or less at the end of that).  Honestly, no game has ever had this effect on me - desperately trying to extend the game because I don't want it to be over! :( (Then I start again with my stealth character :P)                     I was just wondering what you guys prefer your legs to be like? Do you prefer them thin, like those on a supermodel? Or do you prefer yours a bit thicker?  Personally, thin legs do nothing for me, I like mine with a bit more meat on them (up to a point!). I love to imagine them wrapped around my waist :D    For some reason, Belethor died in my game, probably at the hands of vampires. I realised this happened when his shop was closed for days on end. I used the console command to respawn him, and he went into his shop, but my problem hasn't been solved. Even during the day, it still makes me pick the lock to get in the shop and he just tells me to get out. Is there any way to cure this? Whiterun is my go to place to sell things and without Belethor there, it's a massive pain :(               I absolutely love this game, and the quests are great, but I do wish they had more quests where not everything is handed to you on a plate, and you need to figure things out yourself from clues you're given.  One of my favourite quests was Lost to the Ages (from the Dawnguard DLC), where you receive a journal and have to use the map drawn in it with the notes to figure out where you have to go, and it's only when you arrive there that the marker appears. I feel that it just adds so much to the fun and immersion of the game. Also, I now have the Destruction Ritual Spell quest to do, and I'm busy trying to figure out where the clues lead with that book.  Are there other examples of quests like that in the game?     I was wondering if there's a mod out there that adds numerical values to the stat bars on the hud? I'm playing as a mage, and would really like to know exactly how much magic I have so that I know exactly when I can cast a spell, rather than my usual "Fireba....oh no hang on. Right, fireb.....what??? still not enough?? OK NOW! FIREB.....oh I'm dead"   It doesn't really help with the immersion :( Thanks for any help you can give                  Hi guys,  My favourite kind of picture or video when it comes to huge boobs is when a guy has his face mashed right into them, and I've seen enough material around to think that a subreddit on the subject could work, but was wondering if one like that exists already? I've tried searching but nothing has come up.  Thanks for any help!                       	183
 Schindler's List.    10th grade; our teacher was a stubborn old ass who didn't give us the slightest fair warning, didn't even mention any permission slips.   We all ended up in a sort of state of shock.   I was in a very, very dark place for a while after that.    Came here to say exactly this. People who have seen this movie share a bond, almost like being the only two people to watch a person jump off a bridge.   That's why i always point out what i specifically think looks good, like their hair or shirt. The "reason" for them looking good helps defeat that whole "They're just saying that because i actually look like i just got out of a windstorm after rolling around in a sewer and they pity me" thing   [You had a standoff with death and won](http://gph.is/Z02XO9)   Congrats man  	4
    I've must've wasted more than 15 pieces of paper trying to wrap my mind around this.  A tank is half full of oil , which has density 920kg/m3. Find the work (in joules) required to pump the oil out of the outlet. Assume g=9.8m/s^2.  The tank is a right circular cylinder and is lying on its side. The radius is 1.5m and the pump extends 1m. The length is 6m.    Stoning of Soraya M. I had to rewind some parts at least 3 times because I couldn't see the screen through all the tears.   Mints from a prescription pill bottle.   And even if you decide to lose just one more pound, be sure to post more pics. Your handsomeness is always welcome :)     Try [electro-swing.com!](http://electro-swing.com). they have lots of different genres of swing, lengthy dj sets but really awesome tracks!  I like minimal beats too. Beats are suppose to compliment a good swing track, just like salt and pepper are suppose to compliment a good steak.           	9
 The realisation that I liked not only men but also women and then also non-binary people came very slowly. I had feelings for girls at 16 and came out to myself at 18 (as bi). And when little sheltered me discover that gender is more complicated than than, I realised I could be attracted to non-binary people too. It's totally 'normal' (whatever that means) to always know or for it to come to you slowly. It's okay not to know yourself right away. You have to live to know yourself and at 21, I still don't feel like I know me and I don't feel like I fit the bisexuality label anymore. Hope this helps.  	1
 Nice shot, I like Encoded Suite too.    Nice set.  	2
    Years ago I found a video online by accident and I've never been able to find it again. Here's what I remember:  -I believe the salesman was a cat of some unnatural color? He was wearing a top hat and suit and I think a monocle as well.  -He was selling to a girl. She gives him a small amount of money and he gives her a sentence, something along the lines of "the purple cat is mooing" but I've tried searching that, it's gotten me nowhere. I remember "mooing" was kind of drawn out.   -She complains about the sentence. "What, that's it?" or something. He points out that she didn't give him much money, so she hands over some more. At this point the real abstract stuff starts. I can't remember it exactly but I remember thinking it was very strange.  -I think at the end it ended up back at where they started, everything normal, and the girl is surprised and amazed if I recall.  This was quite a long time ago now, it might have been when I was about 14-15, so 10 years ago. I may have been a bit older, but it couldn't have been much more.   To be honest, the DM has tried that. He'll start talking like okay, we're going to continue now, and while I generally realize, oh, it's time to stop talking and concentrate, the other two tend to... Not realize and keep talking. Sometimes he'll repeat a few words three times before they finally stop talking.  The best thing I can think of would be to sit down with everyone and talk about the issue. So far, we've just been sort of communicating about the issue over text and while others are not around, but I'm still not sure what would happen.   I'm guilty of it too, unfortunately. I'm not the worst offender, but I'm certainly one of them. Talking off topic and getting sidetracked is a huge problem in my group, though. I swear, we could get more done in a game, or finish a game faster, if everyone could concentrate.  The DM made a rule that conversation can only have one degree of separation (and presumably has to be kept as short as possible), but it didn't seem to help much. We also tried writing thoughts down on a note card and talking about them later, but that didn't do much good either. I can tell that the quieter members of the group that want to concentrate on the game are getting annoyed. Hell, I'm getting annoyed and I'm one of the worst offenders.  I want to concentrate on the game. I do! But there are three very talkative girls in our group (myself included) and everything reminds us of some dumb story that we absolutely have to share or something.  Anyway, I'm looking for advice. I'm not the DM, but we've talked about how to control it in the past. I would like some tips on what we can do to keep the chatter down. We don't get to play often (we played tonight, and the previous game was 4/22) because of conflicting schedules, and we can usually only play for a few hours at a time, so making the most of that time would be awesome, instead of spending 25% of it talking about nothing.   I'm sorry, but this is kind of awful. People who have depression or are suicidal might actually want to WANT to do these things, but they do not have any energy. I know that when I'm suicidal, I can barely brush my teeth, let alone leave the house and go on an adventure...  Another thing is that people who are suicidal do care. I know there are people that love and I care about them, too. Sometimes they are the only reason I haven't offed myself yet. So the fact that they imply that suicidal people don't give a fuck about others is kind of hurtful. I'm not saying it's true for everyone, of course.  Whenever I see this image (which is far too many times), I think that the person who agrees with it doesn't really understand how depression works. The person who wrote it definitely doesn't.      Bacon is exactly why I am not still a vegetarian. That tofu bacon or whatever is just not the same, I don't care what anyone says. You might think it tastes okay, but if you think it tastes like real bacon, you clearly have not had real bacon in a very long time.      I'm going to kill myself. Not today, or tomorrow, or probably anytime soon. I just know that I am at some point in the future. It's something I live with every day, I think at the back of my mind, no matter what my mood is, "One day I'm going to take my own life."  I'm not sad or depressed right now. I'm actually rather content right this minute. It won't last though. I know it won't. It never does. It might last another ten minutes, it might last another ten days, but either way, I'll end up at rock bottom again.  I've lived with depression for too long. I started showing symptoms when I was six years old. I was officially diagnosed when I was eight. Two years ago, I was also diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder.  I'm 24 years old. I'm overweight. I have basically no friends. I have no job, I'm not going to school. I live with my mother and brother, neither of whom can stand to be around me. I can't even try to have a simple conversation with one of them without it turning into a conversation about what I do wrong.  I'm not the most important person to anyone I care about. I'm completely unremarkable in ever way. I contribute nothing to society. There's no reason for me to really keep going.  I'm not sure why I'm telling this to reddit, to be honest. I just felt like someone should know. Even if only one person sees this. I can't tell the people I care about. I've tried in the past. They either have no idea what to do or, in my mother's case, force me to admit myself to the psychiatric hospital. Going there has only given me a safe place to be until I no longer have the immediate urge to off myself. It doesn't fix problems in the long run. Maybe for some people. Not for me.  I'm just a lonely, depressed girl. One of millions. The world is not necessarily better off without me, but it's not better off with me, either.   I thought the picture said "saliva" and wondered why the hell you would do something like that. I had to read the comments to realize what was going on.   I just came here to say that Fifth Age Taric is pretty much my favorite skin in the entire game and is the sole reason I play Taric at all.   Thank you! I'm looking at it now, but I'm unsure of which codes are the ones I should be posting? Is it the bug check code?   Basically my computer is just constantly crashing and restarting. It can stay on for about 30 seconds to five minutes before shutting down. I have an HP desktop, Vista 32-bit. It's had two upgrades in it's entire life: I swapped a 1gb stick of ram that it came with for a 2gb stick (this was about three years ago now) and I recently upgraded the video card (that was two months ago). I had been getting one blue screen before the upgrade of the video card, but also was having a lot of other issues, so I ended up reformatting my computer entirely. I'm getting the same blue screen, along with others now:  -IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL  -MEMORY_MANAGEMENT  -PAGE_FAULT_IN_NONPAGED_AREA  -A blank one with no error messages at all  The page_fault one has listed three files with it at different points: NTFS.sys, win32k.sys and CLASSPNP.sys  I am at the end of my rope. I can't afford a new computer but I really can't be without one either.   Ohh, heh. I thought it was weird that both my friend and I had the same thing! We level together and normally stay pretty close in % xp but this was ridiculous!  I was still kind of miffed that I couldn't go kill ONE THING to level though, haha.      I was using my laptop, everything was normal, then it shut off suddenly and would not turn on again. It wasn't abnormally hot, neither was the AC adapter. The green light on the adapter was off. I unplugged everything, and plugged the adapter back in to the wall, the green light came back on. Then I plugged it into my computer, and it turned off again.  I tried the trick where you take the battery out and hold down the power button. Nothing changes. I also took the battery out and tried to run it on just the AC adapter, but the same problem came up.  This actually happened a few months ago, I've been using my back up computer since then, so I don't remember absolutely everything that happened. My backup computer is having a lot of issues now so I'd like to get my laptop working again if possible. I bought the laptop in May of 2010, it stopped working in July of 2011. I did use it a LOT but shut it down when I wasn't using it for long periods.  I took it back to where I bought it but they won't fix it for free because it has a messed up USB port. The port had been messed up for a while (not sure when it happened, but I noticed it before all this happened and had stopped using it) so I don't think it's related, but I couldn't afford to fix it.  Thank you for any help you can provide!   I don't actually know who the girl on the right is... But, to be fair, I can't identify all the people on the left either.   Yes yes yes yes yes. I discovered it when I was visiting my friend in another state and she let me on her computer while she was at work. I had no idea what the game was but I was curious so I clicked on it... She came back 7 hours later and had to use a crowbar to pry me off the computer.  I was never very good, though. It was really common for me to forget to check for problems in the city and only realize it when the whole place was burning down... :(   Strawberries. I'm sort of a strawberry creeper at grocery stores. I will pick up a container and just sniff them as hard as I can before putting them back... I don't care who's watching, I'm gonna smell me some damn strawberries!   I have such a love/hate relationship with this show. I have seen every episode because I feel the need to keep watching but I get so mad by the end of it. I think I just enjoy being angry at the TV?   "I'm blue, da ba dee, da ba die"  I heard it as "I'm blue, I'm in need of a dime."   ily   In my state (Texas), I believe there's a law saying they can detain you for 24-72 hours once you've said that you are going to kill yourself or something similar.  When I was in the ER after attempting suicide, I was detained before being transferred to a psychiatric hospital. But while I was there, I told one of my nurses that I wasn't interested in getting help and wanted to leave. He told me that basically there was no way in hell they were letting me go. I'm not sure what would have happened if I'd tried to just walk out, but I don't think anything good would have happened.   I asked that same question to someone who worked at a hospital. Basically, at least at the hospital she worked at, they make sure you haven't already tried something. If you haven't yet, they keep you there and bring in someone to evaluate your mental health/stability. If they decide you are a threat to yourself, they will keep you until you can be transferred to a psychiatric hospital, where hopefully you can get the help you need. If you have attempted something, they treat you first, then just send you to the psychiatric hospital.   As someone who compulsively pulled her hair out, including eyebrows and eyelashes, I can say I definitely enjoy having eyebrows. I looked very weird for a very long time.   Unfortunately, these are the best meds for my condition. I have gone through a lot of medicine, and this is what works best, so the first person is right: I am going to have to get serious about working out. I am a little sad that my glasses are being booed. I have adored them since high school, but maybe it is time for a change. I am always willing to try new looks, though! Luckily it's that time of year where I need to upgrade my prescription :)   I like this suggestion! Yoga seems like it would do me a lot of good. I did some with a friend one time and I felt very refreshed after.   Thank you :) I am a little sad that people didn't like my glasses, because I adore them. But I am not against trying new looks! If I don't like it, I can always change it again!   Honestly, I did think of that. Unfortunately, while there are alternatives, they don't work as well for someone with my condition. But as for your second suggestion, the getting serious about working out... Someone below suggested yoga, and I like that. It's relaxing, and toning at the same time :)   Okay. I have to know. I'm tired of my friends sugar coating it for me so I'm gonna post here. I know I have very little chin; there's nothing I can do about that. I gained weight because of a lot of medicine I'm on that I will be taking for, well, the rest of my life, and it's made me extremely self-conscious.  So, that all said, here we go.  http://i.imgur.com/23bQc.png - This is an old, full body shot. I'm only a little bit bigger now.  http://i.imgur.com/FC6L2.jpg - This is my face and my hair, how they are now.      /r/wowtrees is such a good idea because there are so many places in WoW that are fun to be around.  For example, while I am up in the clouds, I love to mine in Deepholm. The colors just trip me out and it's just so much more beautiful.   I've recently found myself homeless, along with my cousin. I'm trying to find resources in Austin, Texas that can help us takes steps to getting a place to stay, jobs, etc. Neither of us have an income currently, and we are both completely at a loss for what to do or where to start. Any help is appreciated.  Edit: I should add that I'm female, and my cousin is male.   Big Boss. Who doesn't have a crush on him?  	34
 "The is no such thing as a accident." I still feel awful whenever I make a mistake.   Over the Top   I really suggest trying it out. I was surprised as to how much more energy I had.    Have you talked to your doctor about the seasonal component of your mood swings?  I have Seasonal Affect Disorder and was prescribed a special lamp that has really done wonders for me.  I am sure you can pull out of this.  Just keep pushing through. I know it sucks, but supposedly it gets better.   	4
 i love that one! i've read it so many times! Have you read NoEnd House? thats another one that i find equally well written   I'll look into it!   that sounds really creepy? The only two Stephen King books i have read are The Dome and The Stand. But this one sounds interesting!   that's a great question! i really think it depends on the crime, criminals age, current mental state, etc.   its a haunted video game pasta, its alright, not terrifying by any means   thank you! i look forward to reading it :D   about to read it right now!   what is it about?   i've read squidward suicide and i find it really disturbing. could you send me a link to Ted the Caver? i havent read that one   that makes sense. I dont like to pull out the "self harm" card because i dont want to come off as unstable or attention seeking. I like to focus more on why and what is causing my depression as i know it has led to my self harm and anxiety         i'm so sorry that happened to you, stay strong :)   pray? are you personally religious?   that's a great idea, how can we get them to see this?   care to elaborate?   that must have sucked, at least she was discreet?   fair explanation. Do you think there is a way to differentiate teens from adults in this subreddit?   This used to happen to me a lot when i was full-out addicted to self harm and was trying to stop. I felt like i wasnt me without cutting. I've been clean for about a month now and i still get random urges to cut "for old times sake" its truly something difficult that we have to deal with   I was in a summer production of "Chicago" and at rehearsal i was very overwhelmed. I went back into the dressing room and used a hanger to cut two thin lines on my wrist. Once I calmed down a bit and had paper towel wrapped around my wrist, a girl from the cast walked in. She gasped as she saw the blood-stained towel around my wrist. I tried to call out and stop her but she was gone. She ended up telling everyone in the cast and i was taken out of the show, as well as hospitalized for a week for "unstable behavior" what kinds of stories do you have?   fair enough, i only ask because its hard to explain where my depression came from and why i have it. People always assume i'm "exaggerating"   i can feel the same way, one moment i'm leveled and calm, and the next i feel like curling up on the ground and not talking to anyone. Its very hard for me to get out of these situations, if its possible to remove myself i always do. It's whats best in that situation      I completely understand how you feel    thank you! I unfortunately reside in high school, so when i have my attacks within school its very hard for people to know what is going on. My teachers handle it very well, but you can't expect every person in your school to be mature and respectful towards you, you know?   I always feel guilty about what i do when i'm in the middle of an attack. When people try to help i always flinch away  terrified, like a wounded animal. Days later i have this lingering guilt and paranoia about what that person thinks of me now that they've seen me act this way. This only brings on more anxiety. Anyone else?   it just interest me, this whole subreddit interest me a lot, somethings (like this) may be a little too much for me, but many other posts i thoroughly enjoy   I'm aware now, curiosity got the best of me, can you blame me?   I wish i had a cat or dog to help me, as i know they are proven to help people with depression, but its not something that is available to me   This is really well done, i spent an hour or two getting through it, ive ended up exactly where i am right now. It makes me feel a little better knowing that it's all "normal"  (P.S a little part of me got attached to the kitten in the story, i think ill have to get myself one)   i dont know what to feel, i stumbled across this and i am a mere 14 years old. im shaking....most things dont faze me either but this....i cant even think right now..   BAD VIBES BAD VIBES      i personally loved Toy Story 3, it was a tear-jerker for me!      I like my coffee like i like my women,  without a dick   hide and seek with you friends someone abandoned    i was aloud to sleep over at boys houses all my life. As long as i said i wasn't "dating" said boy i had no restrictions on where i went and where i slept. You can see how my young immature self took advantage of that   awks   I thought that "God" was always watching so i showered with shorts and a tank top on until i was probably 10.    no matter where you are, who you are, or what you do, there is always someone who hates your guts.   I wanted to be a pirate princess warrior from space  im still working out the kinks but i def working on it    it really grinds my gears when i fuck bitches and dont get money   i do! it is that of a mouse :)   lets spread self love and confidence.   i love my eyes and my sneeze!   my ability to help others work through their problems.      There are tons of amazing stories on this thread, and it kind of makes me feel a little boring. I spent my last day on my roof listening to The Strokes.  I had taken enough pills to (what i thought) end me, and i just relaxed. though suicide is not a light subject, i do admit what was supposed to be my  last day was very peaceful.    you could menstruate with lipstick.  	49
 I agree. Sometimes I feel like minority characters are thrown in just to say they were included, but lack any character development. Like T-dawg from The Walking Dead.    Wearing comfortable, casual clothes to the office. If I could wear a hoodie and my favorite lazy pants to work I'd be so happy and on time.   That God was going to kill my family members because of the inappropriate or mean thoughts I had. I spent alot of time trying to edit my thoughts.   Andouille sausage   What if I'm not fat but I want pancakes on Wednesdays?   My comment doesn't mention the jury's decision or anything related at all, so what are you talking about?    It's hard to be black on reddit most days honestly   Same here, makes notes in class much quicker. People always look at me strange for using it.    There is no "goal" to evolution, it is a phenomena. Being poor, ignorant, and unattractive are all temporary/changeable states and not really disabling. It is about populations as a whole, not really down to the individual level.    You're a natural at freedom!   He touched you didn't he?   All of us aren't on welfare or utilizing subsidies...   I'm not saying movies equal real life but explain alot of hood movies like "ATL" that have pool scenes? It doesn't add up.   I'm a black women with hair and I swim quite often for exercise, my hair is fine. It's only hell if you don't wash the chlorinated water out afterwards.   She coulda paid tuition five times still strippin.    MY AXE?   I put up my profile on a popular online dating websites. I received a "flirt" from a guy I think is attractive and seems quite nice (I'm a female). What should I say in my first few messages to help us get to know each other? Are there specific things I should avoid? I'm totally new to the online dating world and don't want to mess up a good opportunity.    I put up my profile on a popular online dating websites. I received a "flirt" from a guy is think is attractive and seems quite nice (I'm a female). What should I say in my first few messages to help us get to know each other? Are there specific things I should avoid? I'm totally new to the online dating world and don't want to mess up a good opportunity.    m'kay   Dad get off reddit and go to work! We don't have lights for Christ's sake.   Her mom got impregnated near San Francisco    Girl here... I fine short muscular guys very attractive. Tall muscular dudes are kind of intimidating to me.    How low can ya go?    AGCILF?   Ask him about his pocket sand   THONNGGG!   That you J-Swift?   Art thou feeling it now Mr. Krabs?    Bio major here, it's not required unless you're within a life science major   What city in Ohio? I'm hoping to move to Columbus in the next year or so!   Ames, Iowa. Gooo Midwest!   Nice to hear:)   Thanks for the great input, much appreciated:) It's nice to hear that you had an experience as an individual instead of designated racial representative.   It would be Johannesburg in South Africa. And yes I was leaning towards Amsterdam actually. It seems to be beautiful and quite diverse from an outsider's perspective. And yay for the hair products, I was assuming I'd have to stock up beforehand.   What does YMMV stand for? And i wasn't calling our experience in online dating as "oppression", more like being overlooked, from my friend's perspective. Oppression would be being banned from the site or reduced rights in comparison to others.    My female friend and I decided to venture into the online dating world together, using OkCupied and POF. I'm of Dominican descent and she is a biracial American, I feel we are both cute:) We have had some hits and misses with the whole online dating scene but nothing terrible so far. My friend muses that we've had less success than some of our fairer skinned friends because people see dark brown skin and automatically dismiss us as possible companions. Raptors, do you feel like this happens alot in our dating scene? As an oppressed group you would think we'd be a little more sensitive to other groups' plight but maybe not.   I'm in the process of choosing where I would like to study abroad as a part of my graduate school curriculum but I'm a bit stuck on where I should choose to go. I have the option of Ecuador, Peru, Spain, Amsterdam, South Africa, or London. It would be for two months. I'm also nervous about being a black woman overseas, I generally know what to expect as a black woman in the U.S. but I'm not sure how things might be different in other countries. What have your experiences been like? Would you go again or recommend it to other black women?   Where/when was he dissing black women?   Black woman here: there's lots of styles available besides the afro and not all black people's hair is super kinky textured.   Source: Curly and wavy haired black woman:)   That title is da real mvp   You weren't the only one. I kept waiting for the timer to change    My professor will put up partial slides and you have to come to class to fill in the rest of the material.    I'm not sure how it works for OPs school but at mine you had to answer from your registered phone or laptop. It could still work if you gave your friend your phone   I'm just starting out as a runner and wondering what places or routes in Ames are good for running (and probably some walking since I'm new)? Preferably outside of the gym, I'd like fresh air and scenery. Thanks!   Everyone knows tampons are Satan's little cotton fingers up inside you.   My PA gave me a handy little list of things to help: Pinch nostrils below the bridge of your nose, if that doesn't work apply something cold to same area. Another option is to use a product like Afrin that causes vasoconstriction and slows blood flow. Also helps to keep the area moisturized.    Yup I got my right nostril cauterized last year after enduring years of half hour long nosebleeds. After missing an exam because of a particularly bad one, I went to the doctor's. The pain was minimal and so far I haven't had any reoccurrences.    Gay marriage has been legal for awhile now in Iowa bro.   Thanks for doing the math on that, it's interesting. With that being said, when I was 21 there was no way I'd date someone who could still be in high school. I feel like there's a lot of difference in life experience still. Just my opinion though, I know some would.   Even you're too young. Robert E Lee made this song to ride into the war.   Stephen from Django Unchained. Yes, I understand the need to survive in a hostile environment, but that level of Uncle-Toming and snitching is unacceptable. I cheered when he got shot!   #5 is a legit problem for me. I've worn the same guy's shirt from Express at the same time as my male lab partner on more than one occasion.   Cotton-headed ninny muggin   That was gnarly! Made my face hurt a little. Very cool!   I'm a proud owner of a vagina and I'm pretty sure my vagina doesn't extend that far up   Crab people   Poor lil Tink Tink   Goes to Iowa State University, can confirm. It's either Carhart and cowboy boots, or Uggs.   There are probably hundreds of us, hundreds!!   Waterloo/Cedar Falls is ok for raising a family. Went to high school there myself.   Yes, got to love the bars and football   I go there at least once a week or else I actually crave it. So good!   Your name makes me want Chipotle.    How does it feel differently (more of a match) if it's the same nerves that were part of the clitoris before? Just trying to understand more clearly.   True. In place like S.A. you have to live there for 20 years before you can apply for citizenship (but who wants to live there anyway). And it's sort of ironic that it's more difficult to immigrate to Mexico than to the U.S.   Looking for love in all the wrong places and/or with the wrong people   I learned this all too well in college. Couldn't believe some of the ignorance that came out of m Phd-holding professor's mouths.   Please read another verse Father Thiosk!   Eat the sandwich Dave   Why all the focus on mothers? Is it some cultural thing, I mean I know insulting someone's mom is a good way to get anyone going.   You must be talking about the baby boomers? I'm 23 and know I'm not ever gonna see any of that shit.   I'm sure everyone has seen the rankings of PA schools, but how much does it really matter where you attend school? This is an honest question because I'm really not sure which program to pick. I was aiming for a school close to home so I will receive in state tuition, but people have been telling me to aim for more "highly regarded" programs. Will the school and program I choose really affect my career path as a PA?   * How do roommates avoid conflict and ensure a happy living space for all?  * What did and didn't work well for you in the past?  * Should roommates share food and dishes?   * Splitting the utilities when someone is always leaving the lights on? * Personal space, guests, and quiet hours?    Please share your tips and relevant stories that might aid people sharing apartments, town/houses, etc.    Is it looks, personality, career choice? What makes you unique or the odd man out?   First of all, sorry if anything in my title was the wrong terminology. Ok to the issue. I'm at a point in my life where I'm not sure if I'm a lesbian or if I'm ftm. Yes, I know that one is a sexual orientation and the other is gender identity, but to me the lines sort of intersect.  I've lurked here for awhile and noticed I do some of the same day to day things as others on this sub. I wear men's cologne sometimes, definitely a fan of Calvin Klein boxerbriefs, and try to downplay my femininity to a certain extent. I would love to cut my hair into a tapered cut, it's long now, but I'm afraid of parental and sorority sister backlash.   My identity time line went from bisexual in middle school, lesbian, to now wondering if I'm trans. When I was a kid, I actually cried over the fact that I didn't have a penis and was devastated when I got a period and grew breasts. You couldn't tell me that the world wasn't over, I was so uncomfortable. I tried to pee standing up and God help the person at McDonalds who gave me a girls' toy. I was happiest with hotwheels and nerf guns.   I'm 23 now and my style is a blend of men's and women's styles. I'm ok with my breasts and body but sometimes envy the athletic male body type and fantasize about having it myself. I date femme women. Has anyone else gone through the struggle of trying to figure out if they're a "mannish" lesbian or really ftm? Sorry for the novel and any poor choice of words.    I'm currently renting a room within a person's home on a month to month basis for $500 in Iowa. I paid a deposit but we never signed a specific rental agreement laying out terms. I've been here for a week and don't think this situation will work out because her kids are more unruly than I anticipated and conditions aren't as advertised (wiring and water pressure are shot). I have lined up a new living situation but havent signed a lease yet. What are my rights as far as getting my deposit back? Should I consider my first month's rent lost? I have messages saying the deposit is refundable from the landlord. Thanks for any advice. I'm new to living on my own, this is my first year out of university housing.   I've been in the area for several years but this will be my first time having to drive to work and school in the winter this year. Up until now I biked and used the Cyride. I realize it's August lol but I'm considering buying a car with AWD so I'm wondering if the winter months are bad enough to justify the purchase or if I could get by with my Camry. My commute is about 15 mins. Do they clean the streets fairly well?   I'm considering Cincinnati as a potential place to move after I finish PA school. I'm originally from the Midwest and Cincinnati seems big enough without being intimidating like other places. My questions are: Do you think Cincinnati is gay friendly? Do you think there are things to do for someone in their mid-twenties? How is cost of living?    I don't know how many of you saw the video about the older black woman cooking a "raisin turnover" yesterday but some of the comments caused me to ask myself "why do I keep using this website?!" I know there's good and bad to everything, and sometimes I really do enjoy Reddit, but sometimes the "justified racism" and ignorance causes me a lot of frustration. What keeps you coming back to Reddit? P.S. this is one of my favorite subs, it keeps me coming back!  Edit: title should by continuously   I'm in a bind and I need $1,300 to quickly pay for a debt I have at my university. If I don't pay by the 20th of August, my enrollment at school for the fall will be cancelled. I've been considering Discover personal loans to pay off the debt and then pay it off within the next six months. Does anyone has an opinion on Discover's loans? Or maybe my best bet would be going through a local credit union? I appreciate your feedback!   Lets hear some stories or good tips!  Edit: Can someone also answer if it's in bad taste to follow up with a company about your shortcomings as an applicant? Thanks guys, I'm grateful for all the helpful answers!   I've been searching for one bedrooms in the Ames area for quite awhile and finally decided to share a house. It's a pretty large house. I get my own bedroom and bath (for the most part) and shared common areas for $500, including utilities. I'm just curious what other people are paying in the Ames area. Too me it's kinda pricey compared to my hometown. If you're aware of any decent rentals available, feel free to share:)   Like I mentioned in the title, I recently lost my job. I've been searching for something within my field and the jobs I've found pay a lot less or would require me to move and commute to school. At this point I think my best bet would be to break the lease and find somewhere more affordable to live. I haven't moved in yet (it starts in mid July)  and the lease was an agreement with a homeowner, not an actual business.  What advice could you give to make this situation end as amicably as possible? What should I know? I'm in Iowa.    First time car owner here!  My main concern is the undercarriage of my 2006 Camry, is the underside supposed to be this exposed? The muffler and undercarriage just seem to jut out and I'm unsure if this is normal:  [Link to pic I took](http://i.imgur.com/TkGMZGu.jpg)  And my second question is, what would you estimate a repair for minor leaking at the pan gasket and steering rack boots?   Thanks!      Is there any chance there's an Ames reddit meetup happening? Or is anyone thinking of attending the Des Moines meetup at Waveland? I think it would be fun!   This week I attended a social justice conference and decided to sit in on conversation about transgender issues. One of the questions raised was, what makes someone a "real" woman? My immediate thought was anyone born with two x chromosomes, but is it really that simple? We're surely more than our parts. Others thought a certain style, personality or aesthetic made someone a female. Such as kindness, maternal-instinct, or being graceful or girly in dress. I felt like this description left out say, butch or more masculine females, who certainly do identify as women. I struggled with this question way more than I anticipated! So I am wondering how do you personally define womanhood?    I just purchased a 2006 Toyota Camry and would like to tighten the steering response, is there a way to do this? I previously drove my mom's Mazda and miss the tight response of the wheel. It takes a little more maneuvering with this camry. Thanks for any advice! I don't know a ton about cars, so if this the wrong terminology, sorry!    I thought asking fellow biology lovers would be helpful with my genetics homework. My teacher has given me fitness values and frequency of hbA and hbS in a population.   So far I've found allele frequency for hbA and hbS in this population: p=0.135 and q=0.865.   For the second question I'm supposed to calculate allele frequency for the next generation. I've been over my notes 20 times but keep getting the wrong answer. I would like some help?  EDIT Someone wanted to see the whole problem:  6. In an area on the East coast of Africa with minimal medical facilities the fitness  of HbA/HbA = 0.2, of HbA / HbS = 1.0, and of HbS / HbS is 0.1. The frequencies of  these three genotypes in a newly arrived population of colonists are:    HbA/HbA HbA/HbS HbS/HbS   0.75 0.23 0.02    a. What are the frequencies of the HbA and HbS alleles in this population?  b. What will be the frequencies of the alleles in the next generation?  c. Considering the original population to be generation 1, what will be the genotype  frequencies (at birth) in generation 3?   For the third we are supposed to calculate genotype frequency at birth for the third generation?   Thanks for any help!   I wanted to get people's opinion between a 2007 Mercury Milan with 59k miles on it for $8995 or a 2009 Ford Fusion SE with 79k miles on it for $7300. Both of them drive decently, get good gas mileage and safety ratings. I'm not sure which brand will be more reliable in the long term, I'll be driving it at least for the next 5 years, probably more. This is my first car as a college graduate. I have a good job I'll be going to in the biotech industry this June, so my money is ok. Which car do you think would be the best purchase overall? Thank you!      As a minority in midwestern America, I pretty much know what to expect from day to day life: will probably be one of few in my science courses, might get looked at twice by the cops, never worry about sunburn. But I'm getting close to the end of my undergraduate years and would love to study abroad in Australia or the Netherlands, but I'm afraid of having a negative experience so far from home and have no clue how I might be perceived in a foreign country. POC (or friends of POC), how did your experiences away from the U.S. go? Would you do it again?   I'm applying to PA schools soon and have very small bills like car insurance ($100) and cell phone ($60) that I need to maintain, plus rent if I choose to go get an apartment.   How does everyone pay their bills? Do you take out the entirety in loans? What if you have car loans still active while entering?  Thanks from an eager pre-PA student!   My basic situation is this: I'm a college senior about to graduate with a B.S. in biology, applying to physician assistant programs in a year or so. I currently have $21,000 in debt ($230 a month starting in December). I work part time making $11.50/hr as a lab assistant in the Biology department at my school. In the fall, I'll be taking one or two extra classes to complete the prerequisites for the PA program I'd like to apply for. One of the classes I need to take is quite far away and I have no car and there is no bus that will go that far out. There is a 2010 Honda Accord with 40,000 miles for $12,500 that a friend is offering to sell because he's leaving for military duty. I have only $1,000 saved and would have to take out the rest in loans. Would you advise against this? I chose the Honda because they're reliable and after a devastating car accident 2 years back, I'd like a car with good safety ratings.  My second question/problem ties into the car issue above. Next fall I could be a community adviser, which would make me eligible for free housing, which would save me about $630 a month. They will pay me $325 a month, but I'm limited to working 10 hours per week of outside employment, which is practically nothing. At most I might make another $420. Total around $745.  My second option would be to just get a regular apartment here for around $550-650 per month and most likely be working full time. I doubt I'll find a first job paying more than $12/hr.  First, I'm not sure whether to take out the car loan. It is necessary but I'm terrified of taking out a car loan with student loans looming 6 months away. If I take the CA housing position, the $325 could cover car and insurance, but not a ton of money leftover for groceries etc. Or just rent an apartment normally, and pay $660 for rent a month, probably $350 for car payment/insurance and other expenses. I'm sorry for the wall of text and I tried to make it as clear as possible. This is the situation I'm currently stuck in. What do you believe would be the most fiscally responsible thing to do? Thanks for any help or pointers.      I've been watching the news lately, and have heard talk of the U.S. denying aid to places like Uganda in response to the new bill that was recently signed making gay relationships punishable by law. In regards to Russia, Obama has stated his disapproval of what is happening with their "gay propaganda" law. On the hand, it is very well known that lgbt individuals in places like Iran or Saudi Arabia are mistreated but I don't see as much of a response on the U.S.'s part. A friend and I have been wondering/arguing, why the difference?       For the question we are supposed to determine what is the probability of the first child having schizophrenia since it has an uncle with the condition. I'm not sure how to solve the problem without a pedigree to off of. Here is the prompt:  A couple has come to you for genetic counseling. The woman was adopted and has just learned that her biological brother has schizophrenia, although he is the only member of the family with the disorder. The couple is expecting their first child and are concerned that the child might have schizophrenia. The frequency of schizophrenia in unrelated individuals in this population is .01.  Thanks for any help!   I hope this is the right subreddit! I donated blood with the Red Cross awhile ago and they told me that I'm a good match for sickle cell patients. Apparently I have CEK negative blood, but I have no clue what that really means. Could someone explain what that is and why I'm a good donor for sickle cell disease patients? I'm a biology student so don't be afraid to use technical terms.  Thanks!    Let me explain, if case the title isn't clear. I was just in class getting the notes I had missed during Friday's lecture. Group mate proceeds to ask where I was on Friday, and I say I was in Kansas City for MBLGTACC (aka the big gay conference, you should look it up ). I realize they have no idea what the acronym stands for and I explain it's basically a networking/partying opportunity for LGBT folks in college/higher education. Cue the interested nods of some of my group mates and cricket sounds from the Muslim female member of my group. The rest of our interactions during class were kind of tense and awkward, with her avoiding eye contact with me. We'd previously been friendly up to this point! Does anyone else get the coming out of the closet deja vu? I haven't been out very long and I'm wondering if it gets any better?   Glaceau has a new drink (new to me until today anyway) called "Sparkling Fruit Water. 0 Calories, 0 Sugars, less than 1g Carb. Really tasty and carbonated kinda like pop, which I was beginning to miss. It's only my first week! [Nutrition Label](http://i.imgur.com/DBEvPrr) and [Drink bottle](http://i.imgur.com/1kP3CwB)   I'm deciding whether I would like to apply to medical school to become a doctor or whether to attend PA school. I've researched the differences in educational requirements and basics like that. But I'd like to know the day to day and overall differences in the way doctors and PAs practice medicine. I'd appreciate the observations or experiences of those who work in the healthcare industry. What factors made you choose doctor/PA over the other?      Can someone explain this phenomenon biologically? It seems like with solo or partnered sex I always feel the need to urinate. If I don't finish to orgasm and use the bathroom, I actually do pee. I'm not drinking alot of liquids before sexual activity. I thought  orgasm and urination couldn't happen at the same time, or is this only in men? If someone could clear this up, that'd be great! It's sort of annoying actually.      	104
 I have to admit that Facebook seemed to have increased the quality of my life in the past. At this point, everything looks rather gloomy. In fact, I don't play any games other than the scrabble-esque Words With Friends. In the last few weeks, I have played my move with the first word that I can think of, without considering whether it is a high-point word, just to get rid of the notification.   The deterrent for deleting the account is that I have some friends who I keep in touch with. Of course, I can get their e-mails and communicate with them there. But seeing updates/photos/events has been important once in my life. I'm thinking that maybe I'll come out of it. Plus, I'm a musician. We NEED social networking to remain relevant. To be honest, my depression has hampered my career, with part of it being my inability to cope with the demands of social networking. :/   That being gay is a choice.   I'm from India where there is not too much awareness about the significance of bees in pollination. Hives are burned because people are scared of getting stung. How can we educate the masses?   I completely agree. I have not accessed Facebook for over the months and am considering deleting my account. Reddit is way better.   That's an interesting strategy. My shrink suggested that I learn to say "Good." He calls these white lies. I still haven't been able to do it. :/   I'm generally careful about alcohol intake. Don't like the sensation of totally drunk or the aftereffects.   "I've been better" seems to be the right answer for my state.   I always feel like this at parties. But I can't dance and I don't get the high. Conversations with interesting people and about interesting topics. Alcohol helps me to lighten up. But that's temporary.   There are times when I have felt similarly lost. But I have been under therapy for over five years now and I keep myself going with some good friends and help from my boyfriend. I am a musician as well. So I set some goals in learning new techniques skills or improving existing ones. Apart from that, at times when everything out there appears so intimidating, I increase my already avid range of sports and entertainment options. For example, with the world cup football around, I'm trying to follow nations and their star players. I eventually want to follow the club leagues and competitions so that I have something to look forward to other than friends and music.   Like most here, I hate being asked how I feel or what's wrong. I find it hard to lie. Being honest works out easier for me and I end up saying things that end up hurting other people. I have been in a phase where I'm excessively antisocial. I procrastinate replying to personal communication and when I do reply, it is brief and sounds "unfriendly." I am off of social networking sites as well. The only good thing is that I know that I'm not alone in my struggles.   I am undergoing treatment for depression. During my rather "low" phases, I cannot stand the positivity floating around, especially on social networking sites. I've been avoiding them for some time now. Does anyone have a suggestion for a coping mechanism?  	12
 Can you hear better? Does it feel better?    Me tooooo awful. From staten island.   Looks more like ''Arry Potter than Danny Tanner   This is from Staten Island. Uncooked bacon was scattered around a park where Muslims were celebrating the end of Ramadan. They were calling it a bias-attack. I honestly found it hilarious.  	4
 I've been SH free for a little while now, but the urges are getting too strong and too frequent. I don't think I can resist it for much longer.  Edit: I gave in to the urges. Sorry. I appreciate those who replied and tried to help and I'll try harder to resist in the future :(    That's awesome! It may not feel like it, but it's the little things that count :)    I've always done this, without even really thinking about it or realising.    I have a Z2, I'm the exact same!      thanks :)    Thank you, it's nice to hear that from someone :)   Thanks :3    Just wanted to say it. I don't have anyone else to really talk to. But yeah, 50 days self harm free.   Quackers   I've been prescribed them for depression/self harming, and social anxiety.   Yeah, I've been feeling that way too but somehow I've always gone back to it. Thanks for the reply too :)    Thanks for the reply :) I'll try doing more positive activities when I feel that way :)   I do. Practically every night I sleep in this position, I find it strangely comfortable.  	14
 I c-can't. It's too powerful.   My brain doesn't quite know how to deal with what I just witnessed.   The interpretation is up to you!^it's^not^like^I^made^a^grammatical^mistake^or^anything...    ¯\(ツ)/¯   Who's snake? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)   Can confirm; I have the same phone.  My one has a full 1gb free on its SD card, but keeps tricking itself into thinking it's full, blocking messages coming in and stopping me from using Facebook and the like. I would probably get more use out of a slice of cheese some days.      Hey,guys.   I recently read the post on r/askreddit about advice for writing and realised that I may have been pretty lazy in my writing so far, so I was wondering if anyone could tell me how sloppy my writing has gotten and also give any general feedback on mood/characterisation. It's at ~15,000 words at the moment, so I'm about 6 or so chapters in.  Thanks in advance :D  [Link](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B9NEUm1X4z32OGs4NEdjaUs5ckU/edit?usp=sharing)   Can I come,too?   But there's.....p-people there. Real people. I don't think I can cope with all those people who aren't me walking around.    Is an Australian Shepherd another name for a Coolie? That dog looks a hell of a lot like a Coolie.   A man goes to pass some arse-turnips,but realises there's no toilet paper. He is also on a bus.   I'll try to get my hands on some, I know he has a few floating around somewhere.   Proof to him working on the Matrix. Figured I might as well try to get some semblance of legitimacy to my claim. I can't prove that that is actually my dad without revealing too much personal information, so you're gonna have to take my word for it. Given that this is the internet, I'm not surprised if you don't believe me.   Didn't stop him from kicking in a wardrobe on set. My dad tells me he had a tantrum and kicked in his wardrobe door. My dad had to fix it. Source:Dad worked construction on set of Matrix.   [Proof](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0716362/)   If you're up for some Chiv or Natural Selection,add me on Steam: dimitricatnikov   I'd like to go but is it too late to get a pass?   Sweet. Starmade is Mac-compatible, I think.  [Starmade.org](http://star-made.org) Should say whether it is or not.   My name's Raphael,too! I don't have Civ V or portal,but I do have Minecraft and Starmade if you want to play. Starmade's free and a shitload of fun if you don't have Minecraft.   Hey, guys. I've been suffering a fairly large bout of depression recently and was hoping I could kickstart my love of gaming again as I've lost enjoyment of it. If anyone is up for some Chivalry, Minecraft, Starmade or any other multiplayer game that we both own, I'd be more than happy to add them on Steam. My Steam id is dimitricatnikov.   It'd be good to meet other gamers with depression.If anyone's up for some Chivalry,Minecraft or Starmade my steam id is dimitricatnikov.   Fucking awesome,man! Thanks heaps,you actually got really  close to how I imagine her. :)   That's fine,whatever is easiest.   How's it going? I'm not very good at introductory messages,but thanks for replying.   Clothing should be a simple white blouse,buttoned to the neck and a long red skirt. She also wears boots made of insect chitin and a pendant in the form of a leafless tree    Sweet,cheers. :)   I don't have a picture but I can try to describe as best I can. Could you draw me a woman of about 35 years who has dark brown skin and her long,brown skin hair braided in an intricate pattern,almost like a the pattern of a doiley if you've ever seen one. She should have bright green eyes and a stern,angry look. Starting from her forehead,there should be a tattoo of a bird who's wings stretch down each cheek and its beak should stop just above her nose. The bird should be coloured blue and green . I hope that description is adequate,I can give more details if you want. Thanks,heaps . :)   Alesund-Sun Kil Moon. Actually ,anything from Sun Kil Moon is good to listen to.   When I first bought vanilla WoW 5 years ago I read and re-read the manual for a month because my computer shat itself.   Hey, it's all practice, right? I like the way you did the gasmask, might keep it in mind next time I visualise this type of character. The context behind it is that he's deserted the army and find's a picture of a happy family on his way back, which he doesn't have, and it breaks him.   I acknowledge that animals have feelings and thank them for their sacrifice to bring me sweet,tasty meat products. You're doing God's work,countless millions of domesticated animals!   A man in a gas-mask and full scaled body armour kneeling while holding a photo of a happy family. Gas-mask should be integrated into his helmet and scaled armour should look reminiscent of a samurai's or a cop in riot gear. If this could be done in a realistic style I'd be very grateful.   No, not at the moment. I just recently went to my gp to get referred to a psychologist, though. I guess that's a start. I hope we do, too; it sucks having no real identity.   It is incredibly difficult to not be labeled as such. I make a point of never letting my friends know whether I'm feeling depressed or not because of the same fear that you have: that they will dismiss it as 'not their problem'. Unfortunately, when I drink I let my depression come to the surface and begin ranting about the meaninglessness of existence, which I feel alienates me slightly every time. I put it down to my belief that 'normal' people are afraid of depressed individuals; we are foreign to them in our behaviour and it unsettles them, even if they try to empathise they are still unnerved a little by us. They see in us an existence that they can't fully comprehend without having been there, and attempt to visualise what it would be like for them,which scares them, and so some try to distance themselves. Just as we (speaking from my perspective) can't understand what makes them happy, they can't understand what makes us depressed all the time, and so they label us as 'The Depressed Person'.By doing this it essentially isolates what we do and how we think and classifies it as the behaviour of the depressed, something they should try not to get involved in in case our negativity 'rubs off' onto them. This is just my observation ,however, I don't even know if all this made sense.   Don't have much of a story,I'm afraid. There aren't many interesting parts, it just kind of ponders along skipping all the usual milestones of life;there is no real good to it and there is no real bad. Frankly, I can't really see it achieving much.   This is incredibly close to how I feel. Even now,sitting in a lecture by myself, I can see a glimpse of.everyone else's potential personalities,but when I think of myself I can't remember what I used to be like. It's like I'm almost apart from everyone's reality,stuck in my own lonely existence. I wish I could escape and enter the 'living' world. Do you feel this way,too?   Awww yiss. Finally my highly visible 'wog' forearm veins will get me some.   So my pc has started restarting randomly while I'm using it. Sometimes it will restart as I'm starting it up, other times it will restart while I'm in the middle of a game. The weird thing is, though, it doesn't happen every time I start up a game. Sometimes I can play uninterrupted for hours, have a break, and then it will do it. It also does this thing where it will boot up, but the screen will go black even though I can hear the welcome noises on my headphones. Cpu: i5-2500k GPU: Gtx 560ti 8 GB RAM OS: Win7   [Arms](http://battle-ready.com/home/arm-armour/full-articulated-arm/segmented-arm-armour-style-a) [Body](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100616051554/mafiawars/images/8/88/Huge_item_SegmentedBodyPlate_01.gif) Also, any picture of Samurai armour would give you a sense of what it looks like. Pretty much armour made of overlapping plates.   Beautiful,thanks heaps!   A man in a gas-mask/respirator helmet and a full set of segmented armour kneeling while holding a picture of a happy family. Is that too complex?   Sweet, looking forward to it.   D: He's not a monstrosity;his name is Jooki and he's probably the friendliest river-burrower you could ever meet. Thank you so much for this, you have no idea how much this cheered me up.    If someone could draw me a picture of a small, coffee-skinned girl of about 15 or so with long, light brown hair holding an insect that is half the length of her. The insect would basically look like a massive centipede without the bottom antennae;it has no eyes, only four long,thin antennae on it head and a set of large serrated mandibles. It is also almost see-through. This would make my month if it could be drawn. Thanks,guys.   Do you know what they call lettuce in France?   I do this often,too. I also constantly think of theoretical situations regarding people I've never met potentially hurting me.   No problem,mate. Pm me whenever you need to vent.   I'm 19. I saw my first and only psychologist two years ago. Then I moved and have never really taken the steps again to see another one   I don't have a psychologist anymore. The one I did have did very little to change my perspective;probably because I didn't fully open up. I feel if  were to keep a journal I wouldn't show it to anyone anyway for fear of being misunderstood, or categorized as one personality type or another.   Emptiness is a fucked thing, I wouldn't wish it on anyone. The feeling that a sooner death could outweigh the endless possibilities that life presents is hard to shake sometimes. I've tried, but that notion stills persists. I can't give you any way of successfully filling that void,but I can empathize with you. I don't know much about life but if you just need someone to vent your troubles on,I'd like to help in whatever way I can. I hate seeing people share this shitty emptiness.  	50
 Keeping myself busy does help even if for a short amount of time ( really,I recommand it to everyone,good relief),going out when it's 4 am with weed,cigs,whatever, because there's no one on the streets to bother the fuck out of me. All of that coated in crazy ass pretending shit all up in my head,of course,haha.    I'm 22,and everyone I've ever loved didn't reciprocate my feelings,if that wasn't enough many of them actually made me believe they did only to say oh finally I've changed my mind later. I've never had even a chance to try and it fucking hurts.    I'm not happy because nothing ever works for me despite my efforts I guess. Be it work,relationships,anything really.  And what would make me the happiest is an end to loneliness,someone who actually wants to be with me,the best would even be : with me without the crazy ass fake life and bullshit.      Probably because I tried everything I could to be a good person,I was always there for others,supportive as they said. But they got their share of happiness now matter how crappy they could be to others,I did not. I've put so much work into becoming a great human being,pretty and likable. Yet they got all the cake and it only got worst for me year after year. I don't think it's fair.   	4
 EDIT: to clarify the question, mid-range Top 5 Best Brands... I have seen the sidebar. I'm just curious to find out what you guys like.   Okay, thanks for your reply. I couldn't find the tuition on their website (Empire Beauty School) - I may have overlooked. I will keep researching.   I'm on Lexapro. I just started taking it on April 23rd.  Wasn't too long ago.  The doctor diagnosed me with chronic depression (I've had depression since I was 11/12 years old... I'm 26 now) and anxiety. He felt Lexapro would be a good start for me to be on it.  With the medication, it does help but lately for some reason, I'm always up this late and I would go to bed at 2am.  Then again, it may not be related to the medication. I feel my body running on fumes. I'm exhausted.  Though I feel the need to be on computer often now because I find myself becoming more entertained on it. I feel the need to research and find new ideas in life.  Am I trying too hard to pursue, trying to get my life back in order? To make up for lost times?? I don't know, I don't get myself.  I still find myself, staying inside at my home and I would be on computer most of the time.  I think it's fear of change.  There are times when I would think that change is good. It's nice doing something different.  But there are times when I would lose interest, no motivation to do something different, to do something productive and I would try, at all cost, to avoid change because I am feeling comfortable with the way I am and how I am.  I am still adjusting to the medication so the question would be when would it start working for me? I know the doctor said it may take 4 to 6 weeks to take in full effect of the medication.  Maybe I'm impatient, I don't know. I just want to live my life.   This is my first time, posting this in MakeupAddiction... so bear with me... It's after midnight. I may have not made sense in this entry so feel free to comment with your questions and I will try to clarify as best as I can.  I have done my research and is hoping to pursue in attending to a beauty school soon.  I was wondering if there are others who have already attended or is currently attending to a beauty school... because there is a school in Rochester, NY (I am located there). It's called Empire Beauty School and they have the Make Up program.  I am trying to find out how much it would cost to attend to a beauty school.  But not only am I looking into that, I am hoping to see if I could find a school that does have a major in a program that would allow me to graduate with a Bachelor's degree in Make Up (or in Cosmetics). I don't know if there is one but it would be incredible and it would allow me to explore further with the makeup trends.  Do you have any recommendations with beauty schools?? Any ideas or tips?   I hope the op don't mind if I add my question in this because we're basically discussing the same thing - ChaosProz and I are from VA so yes, I know the op.  My car's title belongs to my mother but the car was given to me so in order to transfer the title to me, PLUS changing from VA to NY plates... I know the answer now with how much to get NY plates... but how does title work? Does it cost extra money? What do I need to prepare for when I go in DMV to get it all done?   I lost my first dog, Harley (she was a miniature schnauzer and she was only nine years old), two years ago (I was also 24 - I'm turning 26 in two days, this Saturday the 21st) and I never realized how much the passing of her really was devastating me.  I was already dealing with depression and this loss was **really** painful.  I knew I needed to talk to someone outside of my husband, my family, and friends so I wanted to try to talk to someone in therapy.  It did help every session I went.  So maybe try therapy in your own time when you're ready.  I'm sorry for your loss, and I truly understand. Sending positive light and love your way with your family.   I just don't agree with breaking up over text - that just shows immaturity on her part. I think she could have just talked to you about it in person. I would understand why she want to avoid arguing but that's the whole point of a relationship - to actually communicate with each other.  If not arguing, it could give you guys a chance to agree in mutual terms.   I just feel a bit conflicted with this one because the way I was taught by an instructor, she had told me I don't really need music or any kind of distractions to get in the way while I meditate. Otherwise it would have defeat the purpose of silencing your mind, body and soul and listen to your own breathing, to become one with yourself.  I just feel that music helps a bit to relax.    I have deep anxiety and I try to meditate as much as I can to fit in my busy schedule. I overthink so much, it takes control of me.  And I can't help feeling it all at once when I overthink, even I am more aware that I am overreacting but I just can't seem to take control and recognize I am overthinking.  Any tips or ideas how to quiet my mind down?   One step at a time!! :)   25/f - wanting kids probably next year or so with the husband (24). We just got married in August. :)  	10
 He has been suicidal for over 7 years, since before we met. He has been in therapy for years, inpatient and outpatient, tried out a lot of drugs, was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. He has made an attempt before we became a couple, said that he could not go through with it because of me.  We've been together for 4.5 years now. There have been good days, but the majority were bad. We talked a lot. That is one good thing, I guess, like he puts it "our metacommunication is outstanding". He is a psych student, ironically. He explained his feelings of vanity in deep. I listened and tried to help. Was compassionate, held him when he cried, tried to make anything going for him, helped him through assignments and work, when he had given up on it. And I understood. I am mentally ill myself. I've had suicidal thoughts when I was younger, still fight with self-harm. I really understand how this world can seem meaningless. I found my purpose and goals. And I really tried to help him find his.  I also tried to save him in some more practical ways which included physically fighting him to prevent him from harming himself (I am not sure about the rules here so I wont go into detail)  in a mental state where he has no other goals. He does not remember these episodes.     I don't know if he is able to be happy. I mean happy in a sustained way, longer than a few hours or a day. I feel like he might be if he had a better girlfriend. Because there is one need of him I am failing to fulfil... I can't give him what he sexually wants. (I could explain that further, but I think it is enough to say that he can only enjoy it if I enjoy it. And that is something I fail to feel or act accordingly). This is quite hard on him, despite the depression his sex drive always has been quite strong.  He is often mean to me. Cold sometimes. Angry. Saying that he'll never have real sex in his life. Telling me that I study too much, that I am not really interested to him... I proposed to open the relationship, help him find a new girlfriend, pay a prostitute... he does not want that. He wants me. And I already gave him everything, so many free days and evenings, I gave him years of myself. And with some of the sexual things he wanted - my dignity.  Then he is nice again. This almost hurts more that him being mean, because then I see what I am scared to loose.    He says that it is not my fault, that I am not responsible for his life or his eventual suicide.  I used to abstain from bringing my own feelings into this arguments ("I will be sad if you die"). I tried to find a way for him to see meaning in his life. One time he said that he basically repeated the discussions with his former therapist with me. Lately I've come to the point where I repeatedly told him, that I don't want to be a murderer. Because that how I'd feel like if he killed himself. He died because I was not good enough.   I know from a rational point of view that this is probably not true (though the sex dynamic changes things a bit). And that all of this is not about me, he is the one whos life is in danger...   I am a medical student and asked a psych professor what to do if a patient has gone through many treatments and still wants to kill himself.    His answer was: "Sometimes we can't do anything to prevent a suicide."  He had no idea what he told me there... how it hurt. No one has any idea. My boyfriends former psychiatrist (I'll call him Dr. R.) was the only one who knew. He actually told my boyfriend that if he can't prevent it, he was ready to help my boyfriend anyway, support him while he is still alive. Dr. R understood. He was so relived when I emailed him, relieved that someone hat established a rapport with my boyfriend, that my boyfriend had let someone come close to him.   That was right in the beginning of our relationship. Inpatient treatment followed (after I had convinced my boyfriend to try it). Dr. R. retired 2 years ago. I miss him. He was the only one beside me knowing and truly understanding my boyfriend.  And the only one understanding what I have been going through.  On good days I manage to do everything my boyfriend wants. And he is happy, has a thousand ideas, cuddles...   On bad days he says that I am sadistic because I am keeping him alive. He asks me over and over to let him kill himself.  And I am scared that at some point I'll say yes. So all of this ends. I'd never have to have sex again. I'd have time, I would be free in my decisions. I am not a good person.  _____________  Thank you for reading. I don't know if I'll be able to reply to eventual answers... But I'd really appreciate your advice on my situation.  EDIT: Reading the titles of the other posts I remembered something: he has extremely important exams in June. I don't know if I can do anything if he fails them. That will probably be the end.    **EDIT2: Thank you for your answers. I am sorry that I did not reply individually... I lack the energy to do so right now.**  	1
 No longer infinite weather?   That's like the BEST. NEWS. EVER.    Hey folks!  I have been doing online pokemon-battles since generation 3, but I stopped when I had a lot of work to do with my a-levels. Now that I finished them, I would like to start playing again, but in the meantime, X/Y did come out. I have not been able to play this generation myself so far, since I dont own a 3ds, so I have some problems getting into the new stuff.  So - are there any lists etc. about changes that came in X/Y, or an overview about the new Pokemon and their possibilities? That would really help me.  Thanks a lot!    Grave of the fireflies all the way. When watching it, I was like "my god i cant even."  Personally, I also want to mention "the voices of a distant star". its only a little movie, and surely some people will find it nothing but boring, but for me, being in a long-distance relationship myself...well, I guess you see.    Hi, my main account is Deathpact Angel - I'm currently silver III and looking forward to get gold this season. I'm a midlane main, but I'm also a decent adc and support. add me if you feel like it - and if you're playing on EUW, you didnt mention your server :/    exactly. you have to protect what you have. before some filthy polynesian comes and steals it   I don't even know, I chose "shuffle" as map type...maybe those other civs are having a big party on a giant continent without me... :c      I played Ashe and only buildt a Runaans and a Last Whisper. I mean, she's an archer, why should I buy swords for her, that makes no sense does it?     Hey guys. As title states, I am a player of League (not high elo or somthing, just playing for a while) and frustrated from some things at that game I decided to try something new and ended up with Smite. So far, I really like this game, especially the mythological stuff is something I really like better than made-up characters. But there are some points that are still confusing me a lot, so help a newbie? :)  1. There are not a lot of guides for Gods in the Internet, and most of them are poorly rated. So, how exactly do I know how to build my god? Do I just stick with the recommended items, or are those not reliable?   2. Is there a "meta" in this game and if yes, how does it look? I already noticed that there is a jungler, too, so maybe it is the same as in LoL? if yes, who are support gods? they are all tagged as mages or tanks, are they still used as support or does this work different?  3. are the side lanes called "left / right" or "top /bot" ? seen both so far.   4. Do you have any recommodation what god to buy first as a newbie? which ones are easy to handle for beginners? the role is not that relevant, I do not particularily like tanks tho.  5. Last point: Are there gods that are currently considered over-/underpowered. I tried Thanatos in the practice mode, and from my point of view, his ultimate is ridiculously op, is that right? what makes it balanced, if not? I mean, AoE execution (and 40% health is not THAT low) and a stun? thats hard i think.  I guess thats all for now. Thanks in advance!   Title. Suffering from OCD (yes, I know that a lot of people these days claim to have it, but unfortunately I actually do), I feel uncomfortable as long as there are buildings left in a city. Usually I play on chieftain or even settler and build a huge economy to spend all my money on buildings in new cities. Anyway, I would guess that this isn't a proper strategy to win on higher levels.  My question is: Do you have any idea, if there is a possibility to keep my habit when playing higher? Maybe a civ or a strategy which does not require to expand to heavily, or makes it possible to have high production with fairly low science ? Or any mods that might help?  Thanks in advance.   Hey guys. I haven't played Audiosurf for a long time, and when I now logged in, I remembered why. I don't know the password of my account anymore. Or, I should rather say, accounts, because whenever I faced this problem before, I created a new account (I don't know why I always forget these passwords. I have the feeling that they are correct but there's some kind of error).   I tried to use the password recovery here: http://www.audio-surf.com/resetPassword.php, but I never receive an E-Mail altough I'm absolutely sure the data is correct. I've run out of E-Mail-adresses, so I can't just make a new acc like before, so i would appreciate any help to get my acc back.  	11
 You are missing the point. We don't know the full story about why the kid was taken away, but we know the result of it. That's where the hammer should be falling at this point.  ---  I was going to post links on CPS-related support groups and survivors of abusive foster care, but all I've found is some facebook group with crucifixes all over, and I can't in good conscience link to that. I don't believe that people who have been abused should be given more false hope in something that's being proven to be just another mechanism of control over the vulnerable by the malevolent.  Sorry, I know this isn't the time or place for that. The combination of these subjects is a little overwhelming, and something should be said about those emotions because these things are so wrongfully and heavily intertwined in our culture.  If something like this has affected your life, you are not alone, and a source of comfort would be to do something towards making sure this kind of thing doesn't happen to someone else. If anyone has better links or real world knowledge about changing this sort of thing please share.   Regardless of the reason why she was taken out of custody, those involved in making the decision to hand this child over to a maniac should be held liable, much in the same way the public is held liable in some circumstances if people get killed by cops while chasing them down the road or in a shootout.   DUI's are big business, just like locking up potheads is big business. Good luck getting any real support for anything that doesn't put money into political pockets.   I was deap sea fishing tied to a rig once during rough seas and went overboard in water full of sharks. I made it back to land - to the boat rather.  Thanks for the memory of that and all the other times I've almost drowned.  Sorry to hear about your experience though.   Got lost in the wildnerness of Alaska for about 4 days. Ran across a big bear who I managed to sneak away from and got chased by a big moose through the woods.  Fell on some slippery rock above Sitting Bull Falls when I was a teenager, just a few feet from the cliff. Had to lay flat on my stomach as people linked hands to bring me back.  Got an AK47 pointed in my face in downtown Matamoros by a coked up cop demanding my wallet. He got the wallet, I got to live.  Got chased out of Reynosa by a gang of thugs, came within seconds of getting beaten to death as the cabby demanded my belongings. All I had was a watch and a little cash.  Been attacked by gangs Austin, had my truck torn to pieces by a bunch of fucked up thugs. Managed to drive away from that one but in the back of a cop car. They weren't caught.  Got stabbed in the hip by a thug in New Mexico. Pulled the blade out with a bleeding hand. Choked him out with a dislocated shoulder and rolled him into a cactus.  Had to choke out a big stray dog once. Was getting choked by a big guy in a bar once, almost passed out before I thought to box his ears.  Chased home almost every day from school in El Paso. Beaten half to death several times, on several occasions cars stopping to help me.  Held at knife point for my wallet in El Paso during school lunch by drop outs.  Got chased in a vehicle by some meth heads with guns until I pointed a bigger gun back at them while sitting on the car door. They were talking vulgar shit to some girl in a convenience store and I told them to watch their mouths. When we pulled out of the store they followed us, got beside us flashing the gun, and generally asked for it.  Overdosed on alcolhol several times as a teenager, barely OD'd on hard drugs once but pulled through before having to go to ER.  Got stung over 300 times by hornets at once. Was bitten by a rattlesnake but it luckily did not inject venom. Apparently they don't sometimes.  Got pulled over by an intensely crooked cop in the middle of nowhwere outside of Corpus Christi. Having been in bad situations before I could tell this guy wanted all my shit and just to get rid of me. Wound getting let go because he got a real call.  Had a price on my head by an unmentionable group of people for fucking up their operation many years ago. Came close to someone collecting that price and fucked them up only to find out later that night from a friend of a friend that's what was happening.  Almost knocked off a bridge on I-90 by a semi outside of Del Rio. Was intentionally ran off the road. T-boned by an old tourist who ran a stop sign into a busy, divided street. Wound up with back problems for life but never got money out of it.  Fell from a ladder on the job because of faulty maintenance on the hard line I was hooked to. The eye-hook at one end of the line snapped and I dropped about 23 feet wearing 25 pounds of sharp tools. Broke my elbow and tibia and dislocated my shoulder and jaw. Never got money from any of this, come to think of it. Never wanted to ask though, just glad to be alive.  When my mother was pregnant with me one of her students attacked her and kicked her in the stomach repeatedly, yelling "I'm going to kill your baby!" over and over. Her own immune system tried to kill me and almost succeeded. Doctors told her when she was 3 months pregnant that I'd never live.  Had a gun pointed at me in Houston by a man who thought I was stealing stuff. I was just lost in a bad part of town (I have no reason to steal shit.. I make money and have a sense of dignity, believe it or not).  Not sure how many times I've avoided death by playing it cool in other bad situations. I could list more but they'd have to be too specific. I'm paranoid enough, and rightly so.  Trying to think of more general instances. Doctor doesn't think I have PTSD. Maybe this will help me build my case for him. Reading back over this.. man.. every day I stay in bed is a good day for me.    Not sure what to think of that. When I was a middle school student in El Paso, Texas, we all took exams to place us ahead into algebra in the 8th grade.  I nearly aced the test, but because I was white I was not approved - because they had to allow a certain percentage of "minority" students into the class, even though only 1 in 10 students in that school were "white".  I've never felt the same about public education. That single experience pissed me off so much that I refused anything to do with education in this country in general, despite my own mother being a long time teacher of special needs children.  I'm a high school drop out with no college, and I make six figures today. Even though I live in Austin, my child will never have to know what I went through because I am working my ass off to pay for a real education for him from the start.  Fuck everything about this.    Well how about that? Good ol' Texas Monthly with first hand accounts of how innefective the war on drugs is, from the perspective of an editor and pot-smoker no less.   Arguably the best magazine you cay buy at HEB.  I would counter one point, if only from a different perspective.  Border patrol and customs agents aren't a humorless bunch when you get to know them. Their job is very serious, and watching them work is, for the most part, a feeling of tax dollars being spent on a professional who is out to do the right thing.  It should be comforting to know that they are not there to plant drugs on you, trump up charges, or otherwise attempt to take you for all you are worth - like the HPD or Travis Country Sherriff's office. The men and women of CBP and ICE have a no-nonsense approach to law enforcement that is something every LEO in the state would do well to admire, and the things they put up with on the job, and I'm not talking about the dangers of protecting the public against the public, are symptoms of a beaurocratic cluster fuck like nothing less than a war on drugs could produce.  I've been through that check point a few times. In fact, I used to work cattle and oil fields not far from there. One thing that I didn't see mentioned in this article was much about that country itself. It grows on you and when it does, especially if you grew up there, you feel a natural urge to defend that pristine, arid expanse. Areas like that are known for the pride the people have. That pride stems from hard ways of life and the existential victories that go with it. You can see this in the eyes of law enforcement in that region, at least those that grew up right.  --  Fixing my typos and grammar since it's in response to such a well written article.   That's not very comforting.   "Anyone know what's been wrong with Bob lately? He's been acting weird again."  "Ah, probably just another Carrington Event he isn't telling us about."  "Yeah, you are probably right. Good thing it's not because the Cubs lost again, remember that episode?"  "Hah! Yeah, he sent email to the *whole* *department* that time."   Thanks, this made me laugh. Have a single upvote.   I think you are largely correct, but you hold a common misunderstanding about the availability of jobs requiring Linux experience. There are plenty of them out there, you just have to know more than an OS or two to get them. If you happen to know even more, you are going to get paid accordingly. In metropolitan areas there is no shortage of entry level work at places like hosting outfits. In those environments you are typically encouraged to take flight and learn as much as you want about IT. Linux is just a stepping stone, another term on your resume next to a  whole bunch of other acronyms.   This IS a warning.   And no documentation.   I don't know about that. Nuclear war, even as screwed up as the world is, has far too much money behind preventing it. Greedy assholes know they can't take it with them and are likely content with spending it on this planet as long as possible.  The asteroid is scary enough, but the effects of an impact might not be much different than runaway climate change depending on how big the impactor was, and we are only getting more certain that severe weather is going to be the new norm.   Maybe in Psychiatric studies.   From the bench to the trench, there is no honor in what these people do.   TIL Big Oil's profits are inversely proportional to the strength of the American dollar.  That's fucking scary. If these people need the American dollar to sink in order to raise profit margins, I'm pretty sure they'll do what it takes to keep the dollar fucked.   I'm with you on that. "Alarmist" is mischaracterization.  Here we are, faced with a situation that we know could be disastrous within our lifetimes, but since we are't "exactly sure" of the date or the trigger, we'll just marginalize the research, forget about it all, and go back to watching TV.  Great plan, isn't it? We are a doomed species headed for a terrible extinction. It isn't a matter of what or when, it's a matter of how we spend the time we have left with each other.  Consider yourself hugged.  In fact, I think I will go over to r/christianity and pass out a few hugs. Life is too short to fault idiots for being the cause of our extinction any longer.   Many people here just feel that making women wear burkas is barbaric, and putting forth a cartoon justifying that in any way is counter productive in terms of basic human rights. I'm sure it will always be an option in the Middle East, but to western cultures the notion is just misogynistic and otherwise baseless.  Take GI Joe for example. However entertaining and inspiring it was for kids, it is still widely held as propaganda used to desensitize human nature and plant that early seed to get kids to enlist in the war machine.  Dunno man. Personally, I hate the idea of burkas or anything else representative of institutionalized control over a populace that is missing out on real progress. It has nothing to do with religion to me, nothing to do with race, but everything to do with exerting control over others.   If you're an adult with a respectable income, and no defaults, banks will not deny you a loan.  That's up for debate, and every bit of credit counts. If you are ambitous and attempting to make a million from scratch, you'll need every penny of credit you can get. Playing that game the right way and having a firm grasp of how our financial system works from top to bottom can only help. There is no reason not to go for as much as you can in life.   Peekaboo!   And make a list to stick to.   If anyone is wondering what Blue Rhino makes, you've probably seen the propane tanks in cages in front of Home Depot.  That's what the "thousands" of explosions are.   Scary isn't it? People willing to give up that law in order to feel safe - from the police no less.  Can't martial law be declared there in order to get the military deployed? I'm not advocating this, but isn't that possible?   I don't want anyone asking *me* for more money, and that's what shopping at places paying a $10 an hour wage for unskilled labor will amount to.  If people are out there making $10 an hour, that's roughly what, $45000 a year for a couple? I find it difficult to imagine that $10 an hour is going to get my already useless neighborhood back to work. If anything, if they do get motivated by it to get a job, they'll stay in that job.  I guess that's better than them stealing my shit though.   Have an upvote, pops.  Much can be said about the 90's too. As teenagers we saw the explosive birth of the Internet, the revolutionary grunge/alternative/techno music scene (arguably the last wave of good music ever created), and later we saw the World Trade Center's fall. Between then and there, we had aunts and uncles in the Gulf War, friends fighting in Kosovo, and now many of us are gone, lost to a prison industrial complex or IEDs in the Middle East; violence at the hands of others. We are a generation of slaves to a new era in monetary control over human lives. Our liberating moment was the day YouTube came on line and people, especially kids, from around the world got to share the world as they knew it with each other.  And the only people who will ever understand anything about it are people like you.   I paid for mine.   If these people could make a fucking pizza worth eating I might cheer for them, but 99% of every piece of fast food that I have ordered has been a sloppy mess, a mockery of what's possible in those state of the art food prep areas.  Fuck that. I did my time in a Chinese restaurant and then a pizza joint. Tired of being treated like shit? GO TO SCHOOL AND MAJOR IN SOMETHING BESIDES MUSIC AND ART.  In six years this country would look completely different if they walked out that door and into a political science or engineering major.  The sad part is that fast food holds up so much of our economy that if that workforce were suddenly unemployed this country would burn up in a fit of riots. An uneducated, unemployed populace is out there with a huge sense of self-entitlement, and now they are growing less content with their lifestyle idolizing wealth and fame because they realize they'll never see it.  Stay in school. Try harder. Keep trying harder. That's all you can do in this life to guarantee yourself any degree of success and financial independence.  Life is not some giant video game where you get paid for being on Twitter and Facebook or World of Warcraft. Life is ultimately about survival and *nobody* owes you a *fucking* *thing*.  I know people who have overcome serious mental, physical, and psychological handicaps because they wanted something better for themselves. They looked inside and saw what so many people in this country fail to see: a living, breathing, feeling being. People are so used to being treated like bags of fat born into a rat race of slavery to a credit system and a stack of rules against them that they forget what it's like to want to be free of it all.   That's a feeling children have, a naturally occurring instinct that is being burned out of our brains from day one. Don't forget that feeling because as soon as you do you have given up on life and you are no good to anyone but the man taking your money.  ---  Look, not trying to piss anyone off. All I'm saying is that if you don't like what you are getting paid then you have to move on. If you can't move on immediately, make plans, read books, go to the MIT website and get a free education in robotics. Something, anything but go home, sit in front of the TV, and chat with people on your cell phone.   I don't understand how a culture can emigrate to another country and attempt to push their values on the entirety of that country in modern times.  Presumably the reason for emgiration would be to better one's lifestyle, and presumably that better lifestyle exists within a different country than one's own because the original country is not satisfactory.  This makes me wonder if the original country that brought about that culture has a critical flaw. If so, where is the justification for causing harm like this? If not, where is the justification for causing harm like this?  If I believe in, for example, the slaughtering of sheep and nailing them to my door to rot, but I am not happy with my home town where everyone does it, what gives me the right to go to another town, rot sheep at my doorstep, and then complain when people get upset about the smell? I'd have no choice but to rationalize that the slaughtering of said sheep was a product of a flawed culture, and therefore I'd believe that I probably shouldn't be doing so where it is outlawed for sanitary reasons.  Jesus..   I'd like my children to set foot on another planet.  And the technology for them to stay there...   Not to detract from the obvious, but there are a whole lot of people out there who refuse to eat at fast food chains or shop at Walmart and Target because of how incredibly bad those businesses are for the local economies - especially in smaller cities.  The last time I went to Walmart was a very long time ago and was out of pure necessity. I needed a car battery and purchased one at the automotive counter. The woman behind the counter was ragged, balding, and tough looking. I thought about how this woman could probably own a small business herself, and it must have been the look on my face that started the conversation. She wound up telling me she was just grateful that she had that job.  It hurt a to see the lines in her face deepen with each word as she told me that.  But that is the way the world is going, and there is no stopping it. One day there will be only 1 "company", and it will be merged with government. Each citizen will have their productive place in society. Sprawling industrial complexes will line the planet's waterways, and our great-grandchildren will be the architects, engineers, and labor - cogs in an ever-growing machine designed to rid the planet of our presence through scarification of the terrain.   And the vast majority of Actually Successful people are taking themselves too seriously to see that the blame does not lie solely on the lazy, unorganized, and apathetic, but with the greedy, powerful, and malevolent.   Having spent much of my youth in South Texas I can attest to how crooked the police are.  You are absolutely right. You are just one traffic stop away from having your life ruined when living down there. I've been beaten, molested, falsely accused, and had my otherwise clean name and record ruined by these kinds of assholes.  Now I'm all grown up, making lots of money, have lots of old and new friends who have lots of different types of high paying jobs.  And we all fucking hate cops. Some of them are even cops, game wardens, government officials, border patrol, all of these kinds of authority figures, and the sentiment rings true with all of them.  This isn't some immature emotion without considering their job, blaming a few bad apples, or any bull shit like that. This is real world contempt for a group of people hell bent on obtaining power just so they can abuse it. That's the kind of trash that belongs in prison, and the only way to put them there is to take their jobs away from them by getting people into office that you can trust to do the right thing.   They're making it sound like their hands were tied to do anything else.  Accountability is found anywhere but within the public education system. The only people that suffer the consequences of such ineptitude are the students trying to learn from a warped curriculum and the teachers that really care about the fact that their students are having their chance at something better in life ripped away.   teach these slimy sob's we don't just hand out blank checks anymore...  This happened in the US. Not somewhere else.   I am proud of working 50+ hours a week because its the only way to support all this:  My health insurance used to cost about $300-500 a month for my modest family. Now it costs $1200 a month and every fucking time I go to the doctor and pay my $50 co-pay I get another bill in the mail a month later from that doctor for another $50. And then, when bad shit happens, I have to pay $200 up front to see someone about it, I get the runaround and have to go back ever 2 weeks at $50 a pop, with the $50 bill later, and I'm still miserable with something very easy to treat. I shouldn't be put on experimental drugs that cost a fortune, and I shouldn't have $1500+ a month in expenses to do it.  I wouldn't mind paying that much if doctors didn't treat me like they were selling me a used car. I can't go "out of network" for any more "opinions' because that costs 3x as much if its covered at all or if the damn doctor can even do business with my insurance company to begin with.  Healthcare in this country is a scam. These huge companies have had *decades* to rig this game behind closed doors with more connections and deeper pockets than most voters in my state can comprehend.  To top that off I have to pay out the nose for anything unrelated to the common cold. I could either have good teeth and eye glasses, or I can have non-processed food in my refrigerator and the electricity to run it. If I neglect my diet I will just wind up with more health problems, and if I let the lights go out I'd have no way to function in this society that requires my attention at 8 AM sharp 60 hours a week.  Transportation, gotta have that because public transit in Austin is a joke. There's a car payment and another insurance company screwing me. Gas, maintenance, stickers, comes out to what? $500 a month on a good month of telecommuting?  Electricity, gas, water, and Internet! Gotta have it to live and work. $300. Food $600!!!  Rent! Can't live in the ghetto! Got a family to protect! That's almost a grand with even more insurance and fees up my ass.  Cell phone! Gotta have coverage where I spend my time! Can't use shitty, cheap carriers, gotta use something reliable! $100 a month, just for me!  Pre-k isn't publicly available here? Costs $700 a month not to have your kids beaten and molested in some inner-city juvenile-detention center equivalent moldy basement?  Kids got a cold? Tonsils? Doctor, pharmacy, surgery, doctor, pharmacy, doctor... Ear infection! $150 for 1/2 shot glass full of ear drops! $4/drop?? 4 drops three times a day??? Hurts daddy! Sorry baby, so sorry. Please take your medicine. Make you feel better. Feel better? See! Good! Daddy loves you so. Pick you up from school today!  Lost the job! Oh no! Savings? What savings?? Ah, time to sell all my tools! What? Can't do that because you need them to build stuff you can sell! Build it! Sell it! What? Nobody needs your shit you build? Nobody can afford it? Walmart what?  My living expenses are increasing by 10% a year and have been for many years. I eat shit food, feed my family the best I can, get into arguments with the warden about leaving lights on and the doors open when its 110 degrees outside.  Seriously - let me tell you what a typical dinner for me is like:  1) Thaw some chicken. Find a recipe in r/food. Dig up spices, cook up an amazing dish or four. Not enough for everyone - you guys go ahead. Growing kids! Eat up! Good food! Dad eats the scraps while he does dishes.  2) BBQ ever few weeks - cook phenomenal burgers, maybe some cheap steaks with so much prep in them they taste like 5 star food - dad eats the hot dogs.  No smoking. No drinking. No fishing. Got an old acoustic guitar though - and a little garden full of essentially sterile fruit from Home Depot to keep me from going insane.  Gotta have that A/C cranked up or I can't sleep. Gotta have a fan blowing on me or I can't sleep. Bigtime insomniac. Brain too hot at 1:30 AM. Make ice pack. Fall asleep at 3 AM. Miss alarm again. Piss off the team at work again. Grumpy dad again. Sorry kiddo. Let's make legos. Fall asleep on legos at 7 PM. Wake up at midnight, can't sleep again.  Need to see Grandma. Grandma is sick. Drive drive drive all weekend. Pack sandwiches and fruit. Overdraw bank account on Sunday for gas home. Dead battery and dog puke in truck, middle of nowhere. Call roadside! Worth extra $10 on insurance each month! $125 deductible? Take hot checks?  Locked out house. Cell phone cut off. Where's momma? Daddy! You got tools in the truck! Drill out lock. Home Depot door knobs. Landlord pissed. Quit coming to my home please.  Find a job finally. Great pay! In six months get back on track with bills! Oh wait, hourly pay. Work too slow, waiting on everyone to give me material to consolidate. Project behind. Not enough work. Mug shot on internet. Can't get good job anyway.  Find part time job too! Two jobs dad! Great! Momma sick, can't work, needs disability, doesn't qualify, poor momma. Flowers. Drawings. Make momma feel better, lets all give her hugs. House so dirty. Lets clean house for momma everyone! Fun! Tired. Miss work. Can't find keys. Can't find phone. Left badge at home again.   Speeding ticket. Bullshit lying lazy tax sponge welfare bully cops too stupid to do real work. Insurance higher up ass again. Ouch. More ramen.  Sell TV. Sorry babies. We have a little one. No, won't sell your Nintendo. No way. Sell guitar. House robbed.  Car wreck! Totaled the immortal Rav 4! 150,000 miles on the Rav 4. Totaled! Get $4000! Give to IRS!  Tired. Bad dream. No, food poisoning from fridge that keeps going out. Landlord won't replace. Fridge worthless, food thrown out. Everyone sick. Sorry. Buy little fridge. Sorry. Love you, here is strawberries little one. Eat salty chips. Thirsty. Taste chemicals in tap water.  Need coffee. Too much coffee. Can't sleep. Coffee after 3 PM, bad idea, doc. Can't fall asleep at work again. Momma take them to the park please. Mania. Hide. Cry. Feel better. Read Reddit. World still fucked. Wind up in weird corner of Youtube with Crank Yaners, Nibiru, and Alex Jones. 2 AM.  One more day. Sleep all weekend. Daddy's so tired. We can go tomorrow.   What's worse is how there is no end in sight, regardless of who gets "elected".   Who's "Justice" Department would be? This entire country's leadership is and has been engaged in a reckless trampling of civil rights for decades if not centuries.   I can't wait for this to arrive in The States so I can die for an hour, get rushed to ER, and get brought back into slavery with a $750,000 medical bill for being hooked up to a water pump and a pneumatic press, and a Linux box.  ---  Sarcasm aside, this is truly astounding. I wish it were around years ago before my loved ones lit off.   I never believed that the world was such a horrible and cruel place until I saw it all on YouTube with my own eyes years ago.   When I was skipping school in the 90's, I spent time on the Internet witnessing the explosive awareness and realization that our country is and has been all of those things, we just never had a way of telling each other about it.    Or just eliminate journalism all together.   Let's start with upholding the laws we already have - like that whole constitution thing that should have prevented this in the first place. If we get that far we'll have gone leaps and bounds beyond where we are at now.   Personally, I downvote puns because they add no substance to the discussion whatsoever.  But then, usually neither do my rants - but at least my rants serve to show others that if they feel the same way that they are not alone. I'm pretty sure everyone on the planet with a mouth and/or one finger/ear/eyeball can come up with at least one pun. It takes a little research to come up with a well rounded rant that inspires people to talk back or shut up and change something.  And if you are here for instant gratification period, then you really aren't adding a damned thing to anyone's (except for fellow karma whores) outlook on life. That might be something you need because you don't get enough of it in real life, or maybe not. It doesn't matter. What does matter is that there is so much going on in this world, and we have the means to tell *everyone* about it, yet thanks to fools like you (if you truly adhere to what you just said), that whole instant global communications technological milestone for humanity thing just goes down the shitter by becoming yet another tool for people to use to get attention for profit. I think of puns and the like as SPAM, and look at all of that as a symptom of an apathetic and selfish populace ensuring their own demise and/or enslavement.  Sorry. Bad day.  ---  Watch *these* downvotes roll in..   Should probably note that a good 90% of these roads are protected by Smith and Wesson security systems (and barbed wire).   Best greasy breakfast tacos I have ever consumed can be found here:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/taqueria-los-jaliscienses-austin-5  Order the chorizo, bean, and cheese tacos. Your body will get stocked with enough fatty enzymes to clear up a bad hangover in minutes.  Also, we make our own Carne Guisada at home out of Brisket anyway :)     The people of West need to spread fliers around the town and nearby cities that show pictures of the people involved in the WBC.  Businesses can and should reserve the right to refuse service to these people.  For all the times I have been pulled over in Texas and had my vehicle dumped out for no reason, you'd think some good would come from that in the form of it happening to these assholes.  There are a lot of things that can be done. People just need to be creative about it. I don't want to sit here and think about it because I will come up with something so devious that people are not likely to appreciate it.  If I didn't have six months of debt piled up from being an unemployed IT guy, I would go. I have to work Thursday and can't get around it, otherwise I would be right there fighting for the people of West. They have a long battle ahead of them - many don't know that the shockwave from the blast knocked out the water.  It would be a shame if a caravan of truckers blockaded their vehicles from leaving the hotel again.   No need for chemicals all over the place. Use these:  http://www.bizrate.com/pest-control/insect-sticky-pads/  My neighbor catches RATS with them.   Thanks. At first it looked like the side of that building blew off and hit the guy's car. It was just the camera moving that made the effect.   I'm a little late, but this registered:  http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/usb000g9yl#summary   http://www.statesman.com/news/news/crime-law/opening-statements-begin-in-trial-involving-zetas-/nXNPt/  Scary stuff. Horse laundering! I think that is still a hangable offense in Texas.  	51
 what the ever loving fuck   in light of recent events, thank you for this. i had almost given up on the human spirit  	2
 Title says it all. No harm in 3 years aside from punching the occasional wall, but compared to the hundreds of previous cuts I'll call that good. Even got better without the family ever knowing it was a problem. But I'm worse than ever before. Went off to grad school. In less than a year it sucked all the life from me. The hidden self hatred is like an exposed nerve without anything pleasurable to cover it up. Between my awful grades, disappointed professor, lack of any friends in a 75 mile radius, and lack of any romantic connections I'm losing my mind. I'm slowly driving my only true friend away via text because there's only so long s person can put up with this shit. Tonight I snapped a door off my kitchen cabinet and shattered  my mirror. I'm not angry at anyone but myself. I'm constantly angry at myself, screaming at me when no one else is around because just... Everything. I want to cut so badly but knowing I can't let myself just makes it even worse, like a firework in a tin can. I'm trying to hold on but damn... It's like my own mind is consciously trying to kill me and that's what drives me mad. It's conscious decisions, not blind impulse. Conscious decisions  I know I'll regret but feel compelled to do anyway.   I'm there right now. At my school, 4 grades below B- and you're out. I've got 4 now. Makes it damn hard to focus on my research and I'm drinking way more than I should be. I'm going back and forth between wall punching mad at myself and just... empty.  Hang in there, you aren't the only one lost in limbo. But I will tell you this. I'm working here until they kick me off the campus. Do what you can, and don't let it kill ya   No. I'm not asking for sympathy or I wouldn't have used a burner account. You can tell me I'm a piece of shit, should drop out and be a fry cook, or put a fucking bullet in my skull for all I care actually.  I came here to vent because I'm alone in this city and I'm tired of putting my fist through the wall when I hate myself. Noone said you have to listen or care.   I lied, he wasn't disappointed, apparently the reason he hung up is because "he is so mad that he isn't mad". Also he told the other students last night on the phone with them that "it doesn't look good for me", so we will see what happens...   burner account is obviously a burner  So I'm an engineering grad from a physics background, and was convinced, against the suggestion of the professor teaching the course, to take a strictly engineer type course my first year here. NEedless to say it was going awfully, but the department decided not to let me drop without revoking my TA, so again under the advice of my advisor, I pushed on. I'm not sure if it's the ADHD or if I'm just fucking stupid, but despite throwing myself at the class and focusing solely on the class, I bombed the fuck out of the final.  My advisor just called (it's 11pm) to ask how my exam went, and when I told him that I did better than the midterm but not nearly as well as I hoped, he didn't take it well. Instead of being his normal "swear at you and question your manhood" self, he just got quiet, and hung up on me.  I gave it everything I had, but after weeks of studying and a hell of a mental breakdown last night, it just wasn't enough. I don't know if I'm just too fucking stupid, or if I'm willfully trying to screw myself over, but my advisor's voice had that "you could die for all I care, I'm disappointing and I'm done with you" tone to it, and if I didn't hate myself before well after two semesters of this I sure as fuck sake do now.   Sorry, rant over.  	5
 The ~~separatists~~ errr rebels are the only bad guys!!  	1
 They have such a creepy vibe - I saw the girl on the right kind of   [Other Image](http://i.imgur.com/sEaTrE6.jpg)     	3
 As I left the café, I turned my face upwards to inspect the sky. Entirely grey, I presumed that rain was due any moment. With a comfortingly warm paper cup in each hand, I set off at a brisk pace. As I passed the town clock tower, I noted the time- 11.55am. Bit early.  As I passed Victoria Park, I peered through the iron wrought railings. Was he here yet? Ah- the familiar flash of yellow anorak- of course he was. I continued on around the corner and through the grand gates.   The rain had began to fall, lightly, but I could tell that this was going to be a long one. The white-grey sky had a more ominous steel hue to it now, and the sound of the rain hitting the greenery around me and releasing the scent of autumn.   I sat down on the spare swing, and Adam turned his bright, inquisitive young face towards me.   "Hiya!" He said. He slowed his swinging as I handed him the smaller cup, grinned in reply, showing me his usual gummy smile.   "Whipped cream," I said, "Extra marshmallows".  "Cool," he said, taking a large slurp. There was silence as the rain pattered around us. We sat there companionably, for I don't know how long, until Adam finally broke the silence. "Did Michael call you?"  I released a long breath. Michael was my fiancé, currently serving in the Armed Forces in Syria. He was serving as part of the Royal Engineers- in the forces from the age of eighteen and he was only now twenty-five- the same age as me. It had been three weeks since I had heard anything.  "No, he hasn't."   "Not yet."   I was silent. I was staring at the chipped bark on the floor, getting darker in the spitting rain. I looked at Adam's bright blue Wellingtons, as he kicked them back and forth, half a foot above the ground. I looked at my infinitely longer legs, stretched out before us, damp black jeans and soggy black boots.   "He will." Adam said. His huge blue eyes turned on me and he watched me intently. What was it with this kid? I couldn't talk to my parents, my friends, my counsellor- but I could talk to Adam. Well- I say talk. He's the one who talks.  I exhaled. "We don't know that," I heard myself say.  "I promise." I looked at the kid. I'd never seen an expression so ernest in my life.   "How can you?" I half-scoffed, half sighed.   "Because," He said, "It's my birthday today."  "Happy Birthday!" I smiled, looking at him. He began to swing again, with purpose.   "It's my birthday today," He shouted, as he swang higher, "And I wished for it".  "Adam?" A female voice called from the pathway opposite, and a lightly grey-haired, kindly woman approached. "Afternoon, Lily," the woman said, giving me a smile. I returned it. "Time to go, Granddad's making lunch."  "Bye!" Adam shouted, as he jumped off the swing, and took his Grandmother's fragile hand. "Tell Michael I said hi."   I raised my emptying coffee cup in my hand as a farewell, and smiled meekly as they waved me goodbye. I watched his Grandmother pull his hood up over his soft brown hair as they hurried off down the path. The rain was intensifying, and again, I turned my face up towards the darkened sky, allowing the water to fall all over my face, salt water mingling with fresh.  I must have been there for longer than I thought, swinging slowly, thinking about everything and nothing at once. What has been and what could be. It was like a state of meditation that I always did, every Sunday after he left.   And then, finally, my phone began to ring.  	1
 (TRIGGER WARNING: PHOTOS OF SELF HARM SCARS)  http://imgur.com/a/DSP1C   The above links to photos of my scars. They are about three years old, very white in color now, and pretty noticeable against my olive-ish skin. I've finally started to venture out in shorts and tank tops since the summer has been scorching, but I get tons of people commenting and staring. I'm a nanny and have been looking for a new family to work for, but it's hard bc I don't want the kids or parents to see my scars. In the past I've had parents let me go because of my self harm scars. These scars have been debilitating my self-esteem and it makes living a "normal" healthy life post-depression and self harm kind've difficult.   What are the best ways to fade self harms scars? They haven't changed much in the last year, and are still very noticeable so I'm afraid that if I don't do something, they will stay like this for the foreseeable future.   	1
 Hmm, it's not like I've never rejected guys. Most of my criteria generally involves having about the same interests/sense of humour. I'm a pretty quiet, introverted person though, so I rarely approach others and really only pick from people who approach me first.  Also, I'm not very insistent on things like being paid for -- I'd much rather either split bills or take turns paying for stuff, but that usually leads to me having to usually pay for almost everything.   Hahah, I will consider it. But I'm pretty sure wearing a Boba Fett helmet is not going to help me get non-geeks, as suggested. ;b  The helmet's actually a pretty common children's toy from Target. It just happens to fit me because I apparently have the same-sized head as a twelve year-old.   Absolutely everyone is looking out for only themselves. Give them the chance and they'll all screw you over. College kids are nothing but vultures. ):   I just recently turned 21. Female in college with mildly geeky interests --  decent looking in my own opinion. The majority of the guys I've dated have been around my age and have just about been all-in-all uninterested in me. As in they'll rarely want to actually go out and their idea of spending time together is coming over to my apartment and then ignoring me all night to watch gaming vlogs (I only wish I was joking). The majority of them have also been pretty much disinterested in sex, saying that it's too tiring. I've had it happen to me where one of them actually told all my friends except me that I was getting fat and that I was a complete turn-off in the hopes of getting them to make me feel bad enough to go to the gym more. Another said he was into me because he's into fat girls. Reddit, I know I am definitely not [fat](http://i.imgur.com/fz0p4.jpg), but my dating history has left me pretty self-conscious.  Why is it that I only ever meet the men that don't know how to treat a lady and that all insist on putting me down? What gives? Is this just an age thing or is there something wrong with me?   Not really quite sure, I guess. I mostly have problems meeting people that I genuinely really want to get to know more. That and I tend not to go easy on friends. I have a tendency of cutting people off completely as soon as they do something I find morally despicable. So I guess I've been slowly whittling down my pool of friends.  That and I mostly like to spend my time alone, something which people don't seem to understand and take offense to.   Hamlet!   Couldn't agree more. Those eyes! *swoon*   For Asian hair, Gatsby Moving Rubber is your friend and can easily achieve that same sort of hairstyle. (: It's very easy to use too -- just take a little bit of it and rub it between your hands until it gets warm and then scrunch your hair with your fingers.   You look absolutely adorable, especially in the second picture. I have to agree that you have a great smile. Your teeth look fine to me. Not ugly at all. (:   This definitely sounds like a great idea. I'd definitely be interested. I've always had very few close friends already (I'm a fairly introverted person and find it hard to feel close to more than a couple of people at a time). Not to mention most of my friends have been male. I've only ever had two absolute closest female best friends who both turned out to be people who lied to me and spoke so badly of me behind my back to the point that it started affecting my reputation. As a result, I've just generally been uncomfortable and distrustful around girls that I meet ever since.  But, yes, definitely interested in an opportunity to finally have down-to-earth, chill girlfriends that won't be catty and two-faced. :D  	10
 I would love to see a viewsync or something from Anderz, Keralis and the others that were in that same town, so I can figure out who is shooting when etcetera.   Oh was it Keralis? I just watched Anderz' episode from the edge of my chair, I think his video is shorter than other people's episodes. :(   The custom death messages are part of Flan's mod, I don't think you can change that.   Then you haven't seen Anderz' episode yet. That cliffhanger!!   I was told there are 49 people from Amsterdam with a clubcard for PEC Zwolle, while there's only 1 person from Emmeloord and 1 person from Urk (two places near Zwolle), lol!   I work at a Dutch football stadium and I can confirm Ultras can be great people. I always work at the unit underneath the Ultras stand. It was a bad day if our unit hadn't been shaking on its base. I just love the ambiance and the way they support the players on the field.  I am glad you are okay after the riot!   Welcome back!   I literally just tuned in to the stream when he brought his face really close to the camera, oh my xD   Me too! I started the map but I got really frustrated because of all the mobs, but I had a lot of fun trying to find more secrets and playing with MineChem.   If you don't like it, don't watch it and don't come here tell everyone you don't like it. It's so easy to avoid a video on YouTube.   Thanks for fixing that. I'm sure /u/parcel31u would appreciate it.   I still think it might be the person who donated the most money to be whitelisted on the server for a day. It might have taken a while before they could verify it was him who donated the money etcetera and the videos from yesterday and today all have probably been recorded around the same time.   I think they will get it eventually ;-)   No they have to rename the paper in the anvil and then insert the piece of paper in the hopper.   They are starting to figure it out at the end of the episode so I guess I can tell. They have to collect the books and have to make a word like they were trying. So 1E means the first letter is an E, etcetera.   That's really cool! :D   It's too bad I've seen the Yogscast play this map because I know where this is going, but this is hilarious anyway. Too bad they didn't watch the link as well :D   Absolutely. His tutorials are very clear, he told the last few bits I was missing until I understood bee breeding completely.   Maybe it's a repeatable quest. I'm not sure if they count in the x% completed under the chapter names.   Yup, same for me. Had the B-team flair for a while, then Team 77 Chads of Anderz during UHC, followed by Team PWN till the end of UHC. I recently started watching more Mindcrackers than just the B-team like I used to and they are indeed equally awesome. Although /u/TranceRealistic's solution is also a possibility lol!   I do not have a "best" mindcracker, I literally can't decide who to choose for. I'm "too new" to Mindcrack to have an awesome vintage flair :( I had B-team for a while but just recently started watching other Mindcrackers again, and damn they are all amazing people!   One of my best friends supports Ajax and he said to me last Tuesday, the afternoon for the match: "Gee, they're gonna broadcast another slaughter tonight. It's Barcelona against Ajax." full of sarcasm :P   BUDDONS   I really like your picture with Aureylian! :D   Maybe the person who paid a lot to get on the server for a day?   Avidya = Milk bucket!   I still can't get over Duncan's and Simon's bits. :')   Thanks for the explanation. A sand - dirt converter is really smart!   Woah, TIL.   BTC should keep the pumpkins until Halloween is over. This is a great prank and it actually looks really cool like that!   Another great episode from Bdubs. I am really enjoying his content lately :) Excited to see what the secret project is!   Woah 6312 points already, way to go Millbee!   I think that's fair. The more points you have, the better you are, therefore you should be able to win so that's when you get some points.   That's amazing!   I can't see why you should adress Jamiro. If he stops posting all the videos, there will be someone else taking over his 'task' here. It's the downvoters you have to get rid off. I am actually really glad Jamiro and also NotYorkiePudding are keeping this subreddit up to date with the latest videos. I don't think Jamiro has caused any of this, it's the karmaphilic people around here.   I've barely ever used the 'Hot' page, only during UHC's so I can easily find the thread because sometimes it's not stickied yet. And I just upvote every video I see from a Mindcracker, it's as easy as it gets. I don't watch every single video (I'd love to but there's only 24hrs in a day and I have more than Mindcrack in my life) but it's still support towards them.   I saw this only yesterday, cracked me up. [Melons for Baj!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh-AkzNsjkA)   I saw the minion in Genny's "home RV" and I had to laugh so hard. Do you know in which video he placed all the minions?   Genny's laugh is best laugh. I've seen a lot of fragments in this thread but I cry tears of laughter whenever it's one where Genny loses it.   I like how it says "invalid side" after that lol!   Oh my. Tears :')   He should do a Zisteau level prank on Bdubs. Also, I just realised how many minions there are actually around the server. [Look at it!](http://i.gyazo.com/ff23809f8bed055e417099779dac50e7.png)   You have just totally brightened up my day! This is gold hahahaha!!   Maybe Genny's Stuff it? I remember them telling they would do that sometime. Or did I miss that?   Yeah I'm somewhere in the names part too :D It's a really nice surprise from /u/Guardax!   Minecraft with Generikb for sure :)   There were so many names I didn't know, lol   It's funny to see how everyone with a rare flair suddenly speaks. :D   That episode from Bdubs was hilarious. :D I had to laugh just as much as when he did the redstone on of the towers in the adventure branch from Diversity 2.   I believe Sev has pranked Aurey not long ago with the hamburger bun on top of the farm in Farmland. I don't know when that was exactly but it doesn't feel like it was too long ago.  Edit: yup his last Mindcrack video was from the 23rd of September. Prank video was from the 10th of September.   I like how you fit in in the chart how everyone's health changed over time. Sev's bar is quite impressive if you see it like this. He got low on health pretty quickly but still laste quite some time.   Ah, alright. Maybe you could use these quests and modify them to make them more complicate. Or you could just request end-game items from some mods in your pack.   Yes but they're not easy when you are on a skyblock. I think that's the difference between AS and what you're gonna do.   Yeah I saw those posts too. The Naga in the Nether was the strangest.   You could also maybe make a compilation of just the last year, so you don't have the same clips over and over again. A lot of funny moments have happened this year.   Yup. I think that was one of the reasons why they needed like 4 or 5 episodes for the adventure branch, where Guude and Chad will probably need 2, including this one.   Oh boy..   Even your dirt house is preeeeettyyyyyy :3   The video is not even one minute in and then there's Chad's cat.. Oh my.   IIRC from the B-team's playthrough (or Jsano/Baj's perspective) it wasn't really anything special, water bottles or something.   I think the major drop after the first episode might be because the server restart was just as hyped about as with UHCs. Everyone was excited for the new season and when it turned out they would be using a world border, there were more people than just those few Mindcrackers who disagreed with it. I guess they stopped watching immediately.  edit: whoops I don't know why I already submitted. Secondly, the server reset was during the holidays. On the one hand, no one is going to college so everyone has time to watch, but on the other hand, people are leaving town for multiple weeks, etcetera. I've been away for only a week, I went to Dublin, but I missed a week's content and I never managed to catch up. I felt like I should because I didn't wanna miss anything in that early stage of the new server, but I never did.. That might be the reason why I stopped watching (I only watch one when I'm really bored, I should definitely watch more often) and maybe this is the same for others..  And now people are back in college, having less time to watch. All I hope is that it's not the end of that server already. There are still people active but they upload a Mindcrack video each two days. I expect videos from at least Bdubs and Doc today, possibly Anderz and Vechs as well :)   Yeah, like /u/Flawzorge said, he's not active here anymore. Try to tweet him or something. Besides that, I like your intro though ;-)      I could see the chest was a trapped chest but the skeleton that spawned still scared me, lol   Is that something unique to sevadus?   Why sevadus?   I did not know you already watched the episode, your comment didn't tell me. I just wanted to explain :)   You have to download the map. It's in the map section of the FTB launcher.   [Watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJJsaAcgKNg), it's about Bdubs' episode from last night   I have no idea why this gets downvoted. I know he's in university again, it's just that there might be a vlog coming soon because he's at Firstlook for the weekend.   Today he's at Firstlook, the biggest gaming event in the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg, maybe another vlog soon :)   Yeah I moved and I was really late with getting a new internet + television provider.    [My stream just buffered, lol!](http://i.gyazo.com/ef326141e77c06742cf201cfcc85bf86.png)   I feel you. Had a few weeks without internet, I ended up staying at the university until it was time to get home for dinner.   /u/RedstoneSlime I think this is better than /r/computercraft because 480 subscribers vs 20K subscribers. There's far more people over at /r/feedthebeast who all would like to help you out.   I think tricking someone with someone else's wool is just smart. It makes people think about whether or not they should trust them, especially when that person just killed someone else. They should realize that they have multiple colors of wool on them, or they should first show a color or something like that. Or there should be some sort of a plugin that removes additional wool from someone's inventory, to prevent this.   Yeah, of course a head would be better (as in cheaper) than 2 apples. I also understand it leads to a bit more PVP in order to obtain a head, which I don't think is really necessary, there's already enough PVP. Things don't have to go quicker. I'd rather see a team getting all geared up (iron/diamond armor, diamond sword, bow, maybe potions) than rushing into battle without being fully geared.  Maybe I wasn't clear enough. The heads are a good solution if you get low on health really quickly, like in a fight or just bad luck (like Sevadus this last season, lot of mobs around him), don't get me wrong there, but I don't think you really need it if you're well prepared or at almost full health. Which counts for almost everyone most of the time. Besides this, the golden apple works fine anyway. It's just the kill that adds another way of regenerating health, making it easier to do so. Especially near the end of a season, when there's more PVP and there's a few people left, wandering around with gear from a few other teams, it would only stretch out the last bits. They're all at full health again, very easily, and it's just "a normal PVP battle", nothing exciting to it because someone's not at full health anymore. I think it takes away a little bit of the challenge in UHC to regenerate health and to show the difference in skill. That's how I see it.   I actually think that's too much.. That's almost half of your total health, would make it way too easy. I assume players would drop their heads? That means that with one apple, a bit of gold and a kill, you'd be able to get quite a lot of health back. I don't like it. It's also pointless to use one when you're not even four hearts down. That's how I see it.   Could you explain a bit more?   Generikb has his computer specs and everything in every video description so you don't even have to search for his unboxing video.   Sorry bot :)   I think the Adventurer's backpack holds nothing by default until you change the forestry config file. ([Source](http://feed-the-beast.wikia.com/wiki/Adventurer's_Backpack)) But it might hold things you'd normally find in the world, like flowers, maybe types of wood/saplings? Don't really remember but I only used the Apiarist's backpack :P   Not much besides half of the UHC.   It's the top comment and the link was submitted right after this post. (Sorry I'm only 4 hours later lol)   Thanks! Voted again :)      It's nice to see he's getting better every time :D The average points per episode sure has increased a lot.   I did! And I will again in a few hours. School first :)   But why so late Baj?! :(      I started Material Energy^3 a few days ago and I really like it. However, I have two questions.  1. I updated yesterday from 1.4.1 to 1.4.4. This update contained a lot of new quests, but I can't seem to complete them. For example the clay quest in the first chapter. I scanned the whole pond for clay, even dug under all the sand, dirt and gravel, but I couldn't find any more than 32 clay while I need 100. Also, the next quest says there's some sort of AE room under the clay. This was all dirt and stuff for me. Is there a way to "update" the spatial areas so I can complete the quests instead of /hqm edit them? I just finished the first chapter of the quest book before I updated so I'm not that far ahead in the game. If it's necessary, a restart wouldn't be a big problem, but I'd prefer not to.  2. This question is somewhat stupid maybe, but I feel like I'm missing a lot of loot and Easter Eggs on this map. Am I supposed to literally investigate every single area? Break through walls and floors etcetera? I accidentally broke a few blocks yesterday and there was a chest, so I guess there's a lot more of these chests hidden around each spatial area.. Am I supposed to just tear everything apart? Or is there a logical way to reach these chests?   I started a vanilla server a few weeks ago and I'm having a lot of fun with it, even though I've played modded minecraft for most of the time. It's funny how you can fill your whole minecraft day with harvesting all your crops or shear all your sheep. However I am looking for some fun or odd goals to complete. For example, obtain a stack of poisonous potatoes. I have 7 already :D Anyone have more of these fun goals to do besides the things I'm already working on?      Me and some friends are starting a new server soon and like previous times, we wanna build a custom modpack. This time we're less focused on tech mods and more focused on magic mods like Thaumcraft, Blood Magic, Ars Magica and Witchery. We're also looking for a bit of a challenge, or rather adventure, so we'll probably add some dungeon mods and a few mods that add more (difficulty to) mobs.  Our question now is if anyone knows of any mods that are more tier-based. Most of the tech mods around these days make Minecraft a lot easier and once you've set up a few machines, you're already good to go. We don't want this anymore.  Also, we're looking for a mod that adds maybe a few food items. Not as much as Pam's Harvestcraft. Does anyone have any suggestions for this?   Edit: I forgot to mention we're trying to build a 1.7.10 modpack  Thanks a bunch.   Result: 1-0 by Stefan Nijland   Can somebody make a team Hatfilms flair? :)         Seed: 2735126617611667291  You spawn on [an island](http://gyazo.com/e96824ac3f3a3576edc18927d2da12dd) with a small patch of grass. In the distance (I have render distance at maximum though) you see [another island](http://gyazo.com/7a036c84ae96b9a6288709bf4d7bebef) with a few oak trees on it. It's just over 200 blocks to the south. Furthermore, there are two ocean temples nearby. One is close to the spawn island at X -300, Z +170. The other is close to the second island at X -470 and Z +615.  I think this can serve as a great survival map. You start with some trees and your island. You can cave down (be careful with the water) and you might spot more bits of land on your way. I have not seen a single bit of continent, only very small islands. There might also be more ocean dungeons, I don't know.   Title says it all. Research table is empty but I can't scan items to get my research points back because my Thaumometer says I already scanned it! I had a lot of aspects for all of them. I went crazy scanning everything on my items, even everything in my chests and ME network. I don't have anything to scan for new research points.  I am telling this because I'm curious if I'm the only one, and if someone knows what could have caused this to happen. Thaumcraft is not updated between AS 2.1.9 and AS 3.0.1. For now I gave myself 400 of each primal aspect but if this happens to more people, I think someone should look into it. I have never seen this before. I know I can go and find tons of nodes for a good amount of primal aspects and combine my way back up again, but that's not what I want.   I have no idea how I can get myself some sulfur very easily. I know there's a Nether ore but I have no intentions to enter the Nether at all. I don't have the resources and power to set up the laser drill (planning to do so, gonna set up an animal farm with a slaughterhouse anywhere these days) so yeah, no Nether ores for me now. I've been pulverizing a lot of coal which has a 10% chance of sulfur but I'm getting low on coal and I got pulverized coal everywhere.  Is it worth it to set up a blaze farm in the meantime and then pulverize some of the blaze rods every now and then? I really need the sulfur for yellorium dust for my big reactor. I managed to get enough stuff to finish the reactor but I can barely fill it with yellorium... As soon as I can, I'm also one step closer to the laser drill.   So I am playing the Ag Skies map like many of us and I set up my MFR soy bean farm yesterday. It's quite big because I can replace a lot of ingredients in the Hell's Kitchen quests with tofu or soy milk etcetera. Just wanna keep this running.  I've run into one minor problem though. Or not even a problem, but it's getting annoying. The farm is 100% soy beans but every now and then there are asparagus seeds lying around on the floor around the farm. It's free asparagus seeds, but where are they coming from? Does it have something to do with the ore dictionary? It's only asparagus seeds, very strange...     	103
 Pretty much everything I hate in other people is something I recognize as a negative trait in myself. I just try to associate myself with people that I look up to and admire, and hopefully their loveliness will rub off on me :)   I'm broke. This might be my last Christmas with my mother, and I'm so sad I won't be able to give her a great Christmas morning. I'm trying to swing getting her a gift card to a spa, but I don't know if I can do it because good spas are expensive. I don't know what to do. I've just been thinking of every dollar I spent this semester and how much I regret spending them. Christmas is hard :(   I'm so sorry. I have a similar situation with my mom, except we don't know how much time she'll have, which makes it really scary. I don't know if this will be my last Christmas with her, or if I'll have three more Christmases with her. Or more. Or if she'll even make it to Christmas. She's had to change treatment several times because it seems to be working splendidly, and then it stops working completely. As an only child with a dad not in the picture, it's hard for me to imagine my life without my mom. I feel like I'll just be alone--the one person I trust above everyone else will be gone. It's been hard to come to terms with that, but I've found a lot of comfort just in being able to appreciate every moment I have with her. I always ask her about her life, what things were like when she was younger, etc., because I want to know as much about her before she's gone. It's completely changed my relationship with my mother. I feel closer to her than I ever have before. And it's also changed my relationship with everyone in general--I now know that life is really fragile and could end at any time, so I try to love every moment with every person I know.  I hope you can come to see this situation as a time to learn to appreciate your father more. I'll definitely be thinking of you this holiday season. Enjoy it :)   If you like computers, find people who also like computers! Talk to some women in your major. If someone in one of your classes does something awesome in class or seems to have a better grasp of the subject than you do, then talk to her about it. You don't have to force it--just get to know her a little over the course of the semester. And don't be afraid to eventually ask if she wants to work together on a project or something.  Or you could join a CS-related club! That's a wonderful way to meet someone who's passionate about the same things you are.   Good luck! :)   Yep. I have a roommate like this, it's horrible. Whenever she has a problem with someone in the house, instead of politely and patiently saying, "Hey, I noticed you turned the heat up a little high--would you mind just using a space heater or some extra blankets, because I can't afford to pay that bill," she'll just bombard the person with assholery without them even knowing anything was wrong in the first place! She always just jumps to the most dramatic and angry way of handling a problem, rather than just talking it over and making a compromise that's fair to everyone.   Wow, that's awful. I hope she eventually recovered. :(   JASON BOURNE. YOU'RE JASON BOURNE.   Oh man, one of the things I miss the most is goldfish crackers--you should post some of your successful recipes on /r/glutenfreecooking !!! That would be amazing! I'm recently diagnosed and I'm a broke college kid who has almost exclusively been eating gluten free soups and tortilla chips for the past few months (needless to say I've lost a lot of weight...not a great thing), and I miss all the old snacks I used to eat! :(   Yeah, just because I knew he was the relationship kind of guy and I wasn't prepared to enter into a relationship at that point in my life. He's a great guy, though--still a good friend, and he's happily with a girl who loves him a lot. :)   The best first date I've ever been on was with my current SO. We went to an open-air flea market in our city that sold a ton of antiques--there was a lot of really cool stuff that we were able to joke about and it helped spark a lot of great conversations. After we were done at the flea market we wandered around a little, exploring all the cool places in our city's historic district, and we eventually found a spot near the river where we just sat for hours and talked. We then went to my favorite restaurant, and then afterwards we saw a movie at a cool little local theater.  The reason it was so special is that it was kind of an all-day event. I mean, we spent HOURS walking around, talking, etc. It came naturally to us--it didn't feel forced or anything.  Also, it was awesome because we both got to show each other some of our favorite places--unique shops, cool, hidden spots, and so on. If you want to take someone on a great first date and have it actually mean something, show them one of your favorite places!   I work at a grocery store in a neighborhood largely comprised of 50- and 60-somethings, and at least twice in a shift I'll get told by one of them that I look like Julianne Moore. It's cool, because Julianne Moore is definitely an attractive woman, but also not very cool because Julianne Moore is 54 years old and I'm significantly younger than that.   Oh, Paul...   That's hilarious. Did he have the wrong building or something?   This [gave me an idea](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2p094u/ras_of_reddit_what_is_the_craziest_thing_youve/)...      This is creepy, but also... I'm laughing?   I absolutely agree she should have called the FD/PD, but I'm sure it was difficult to even get a word in edgewise and explain what was going on while that guy was raging at her. Plus, the guy who filmed it wasn't able to get his point across to the operator very well because the crazy dude just kept interrupting him as he was trying to explain that he was having an asthma attack.  It seems to me, though, like the operator wasn't really trained for emergency situations at all, because she handled it very poorly and didn't seem to know what to do. She didn't even give any medical advice on how to calm down a person having an asthma attack (or a guy who debatably was having a panic attack). But I wouldn't go so far as to say it was "her fault for getting yelled at" by any means--how on earth could she control how another person was acting?    I have no idea, that's what the website said? Keep in mind, I only work part-time (I'm a student). I definitely make more that $2.64 an hour, haha   For me, it said it would take him 11 seconds...   Exactly, and the way he kept referring to her as a "foul-mouthed young lady" and shit like that--like how prudish and ignorant do you have to be to hear the word "fuck" and decide that that is somehow grounds for arresting someone or refusing them care? She wasn't even directing the word at him, she was just freaking out about her father. I'd say that's a natural reaction, but that guy was horrible about it.   It seemed more like she was trying to calm the guy down when they were talking to her in part 2, but then in part 3 I think she was just tired of being threatened and called a bitch. She probably should have treated it more like an emergency situation, but the guy yelling at her definitely made is more difficult to do so--all around the guy who filmed this is just entrapped in a clusterfuck of other people's outrage. And all he needs is his asthma puffer. :(   Never seen it, I'll have to check it out. That's an awesome story, it would be really interesting to follow something like that   I live in Pennsylvania. We have terrible infrastructure. There are so many potholes! So many!!! And especially after last winter.   Someone should write a movie about you, holy shit  	24
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia  I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, simply looking, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she is sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.  I also watch a lot of sleep fetish porn, and I have acted on this fetish in real life (with consent).  Ask me anything.      My response: "I'm good, thanks. Yourself?"  My favorite response from someone else: "Not bad for an old man."      I've been depressed for at least ten years. I lost the only job I had about a year and a half ago and haven't been able to find work since. I didn't graduate from high school because I was in too shitty of a mood to even go most of the time, and when I did, I couldn't focus.  I've had one girlfriend (who was only with me because she was desperate), and almost my entire family thinks of me as "The one who sits in the dark basement all day and doesn't talk to anyone."  I wanted to be a writer when I was around 13-15 years old (23 now), and I started numerous novels, but never came close to finishing any because I lacked the drive, motivation and commitment needed for something of that nature. I've written a single article for some site you've never heard of, got good feedback on it, but still find myself unable to do anything significant in that regard.  I've been on anti-depressants for two months. I stopped taking them recently because I couldn't afford to pay for them anymore. I felt no different while taking them, and I feel no different quitting them cold turkey.  Anyone else? Anyone at all in this position? Or at least a similar one?         You would think, if Hobbes is a real tiger in Calvin's world, he'd take exception or at least say something about it. But he just sort of shrugs it off every time.  Thoughts?               I'm not a virgin-- the one woman I have had sex with gave me no stimulation through intercourse. I didn't feel anything. She felt a lot though. Ask our neighbors _  She gave me oral and handjobs, however, which were amazing. But I never came. I never had an orgasm. I just felt like I was going to explode the whole time, but I never ever came. Not once.  I feel fine. Other than, you know, chronic depression. But my balls feel absolutely fine. I don't get any pain down there or anything.  How is this possible?   I had a wet dream last night. Prompted me to make this. I could sort of feel it when it happened, but I was like half asleep (closer to being asleep than awake), so I didn't really do anything. I just let it happen and fell back asleep.  **EDIT:** I am a male.                                          Usually, when most people feel butterflies, they become nervous and unable to perform the task at hand (talking to a beautiful woman, playing in a significant sporting event, fighting, etc.) as well as if they didn't have butterflies.  Am I right to assume that most bodily functions such as this occur because of evolutionary traits that were at one time useful? If so, how exactly does this help?         * Calvin: Are you mad?! * Mom: I *will* be, if you don't hop to it.  http://assets.amuniversal.com/054af702250a102d94d7001438c0f03b  * Dad: Next time we should take the tiger and forget the kid.  http://assets.amuniversal.com/3563f4f8250e102d94d7001438c0f03b  * Mom's reaction to being told that Calvin is inventing a robot to make his bed and wants a grant (3rd panel):  http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1989/08/30  * Calvin: What could possibly go wrong?! * Hobbes: Whenever you ask that, my tail gets all bushy.  http://assets.amuniversal.com/070ae0802509102d94d7001438c0f03b   First off, for reasons I don't think are necessary to discuss, whenever I find a woman who's willing to put up with me, I get *extremely* attached. I'm not the type to constantly call or want to be around a girl, but when I am around her, I smother her. I touch her, I hold her, I tell her to hold me, and I basically give her no room to breathe. I know it's annoying, but I can't help it. It just happens.  On top of that, I'm extremely fucked up psychologically. I'm clinically depressed and possibly bipolar. I'm very sensitive emotionally, which can lead to a lot of conflict in a relationship.  I also hate intercourse. I'd much rather spoon or grope a woman all night long than have sex. Weird, I know. I really have no idea why I am this way. And I'm not assertive in any way in the bedroom. I prefer the woman to be aggressive. Turns out that most women want the opposite.  All in all, almost nothing about me is conducive to a happy, healthy relationship. I used to mope and be angry about this, but I've pretty much accepted my fate as a forever alone.  Is there anyone else out there like this? Or am I *truly* forever alone in this regard?                                    I was really close to my cousin-- we're both around the same age (23-25), and he was a really happy, mellow, down-to-earth guy. He made people laugh and didn't bother anyone, and I always loved hanging out with him (and I usually hate being around people in general-- that goes for everyone, even my close family).  I got the news on Sunday, and it's taken me until about a day or two ago to finally be able to handle it and try to live my life normally, but I'm still struggling. I'm afraid that if I go to the funeral, it will just devastate me all over again, and I dread having to feel that pain ever again.  What can/should I do?   My friend is playing Madden 13, and he just got an Achievement. When he hit the Xbox guide button to see what it was, I read the description in about a second. He left it up for at least four seconds.         http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_emotions#Parrott.27s_emotions_by_groups  You can choose what's listed as a primary, secondary, or tertiary emotion. Up to you.  I get the feeling that "Longing" might be a popular choice. Maybe some Redditors want to be a super badass and will choose "Compassion" to get back at people who wronged them without regretting it.  Of course, "Sadness" would be a good choice as well, for obvious reasons.  What say, Reddit?   In life, you have two options-- die before the people you love, or watch the people you love die, knowing you can do nothing about it.  What a choice. I can't deal with this. I have no idea what the hell to do. I'm considering finding a way to live far away from everyone who knows me, and forging no new relationships with anyone there. I can't go through the grief of losing a loved one again-- I'm too sensitive emotionally. And I can't imagine my family seeing me on an autopsy table, unmoving... dead.  I can't fucking do it.   Speaking of himself in a verse that describes a hypothetical "alternate universe," I suppose, in which Marshall Mathers didn't have the will to pursue his rap career.  Full lyrics:  http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bob/airplanespartii.html   What do you think he wondered when he viewed the death of another human being? What did he think was the difference between a dead body and a living one? When looking into the sky and seeing stars, and attempting to understand simple concepts like day and night, or abstractions like life and our place in the universe?      I'm trying to do anything I can to take my mind off of it, but all I can do is hear my dad's words over and over again in my head.  "James was killed in a car accident..."  "We just came from the morgue..."  "He looked like he was sleeping..."  My cousin and I were as close as brothers. I have no idea how I'm going to possibly deal with this. My body feels like it wants to sob profusely, but I just can't... I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I can't do that, either...  I don't know what to do... please make me feel better.         They either happen at completely random times, or when I see/hear/think of something funny or interesting. They get so intense sometimes that I get dizzy and lose my balance (but I haven't actually fallen because of it). At that point, I usually just have to "shake the cobwebs" and it goes away.  You might be thinking that it's not head tingles that I'm feeling, but I've experienced head tingles for a *very* long time (I remember my first one was because of a girl I liked in kindergarten), so I know what they feel like.  It's very weird, but it's sort of an intriguing feeling, because I was not aware at all that ASMR could be this intense.            http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia  I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she is sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.  I watch sleep fetish porn (it's the only porn that can hold my attention), and I have acted on this fetish with multiple women in the past (with their consent, of course).      Would doorknobs be on the left? Would we drive on the left side of the road instead of the right?      I get instantly raged (internally only) whenever I see anyone say the words "my boyfriend" or "my girlfriend," anywhere at all, whether I know the person or not.  Yes, I have a problem.   Being wet isn't comfortable, nor is it conducive to sex. It'd be a hassle to clean, the person who's wet would be cold, and the person who's dry would be getting wet needlessly.  Yet, this:  http://www.blocsuite.com/home/wp-content/uploads/Shenese6.jpg  Is considered attractive (even if you don't find the girl in general attractive, stay with me anyway).  Why?      http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia  I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she *is* sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.  I watch sleep fetish porn (it's the only porn that can hold my attention), and I have acted on this fetish with multiple women in the past (with their consent, of course).  A note: Before anyone asks, yes, this is a re-post. I enjoy answering questions about this and I find that people like asking about it.   For example, some people believe that spicy food and junk foods can cause nightmares.  I've noticed that whenever I take sleep aids, I tend to have extremely long, very vivid dreams that I can easily remember when I wake up.  Do you know of anything that you do before going to sleep that affects the content of your dreams, or whether or not you dream at all?      http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/wywgj/how_can_i_keep_my_motherboard_and_processor_from/  We figured out that using a different charger than the intended = bad. But right now, I'm very short on cash, and I can't afford to buy a new charger unless I'm *positive* that it will help my computer run better.  What think, r/techsupport?   I also haven't had any physical contact (let alone intimate contact) with a woman in over a year and a half. I've also never had an orgasm with the exception of frequent nocturnal emissions.  Ask me anything.         She has no idea what the key could be for, and she lives by herself-- before she moved in, no one with the name that was on the envelope lived there (previous tenant had been there for at least a decade). The envelope only had the name on it (no address, no stamp), so it was clearly not mailed.  What would you do, Reddit?         Or would you be too embarrassed, due to the societal viewpoint that being raped by a woman makes a man look weak?   Has this ever happened to anyone else? Am I the only one who has a tendency to mask his depression in public (and apparently do a damn good job of it)?               Society seems to think that if people make much more money than the average person and also appear on television as part of their job, they're somehow above us "normal" people. They get giddy and excited just to see these people, and if a celebrity so much as talks to someone or writes their name down for someone, OMG IT'S AMAZING I CAN'T BELIEVE IT  We treat these people as if they're demigods, then get upset/perplexed when their egos become huge. They're people just like us. They eat, sleep, and shit just like us. They do what they're good at to earn an income just like us.  But apparently, talking to a celebrity or getting an autograph is a big deal, even though there's absolutely no tangible or intangible benefit of doing so. Meeting an actor, a pro athlete, etc., doesn't make someone's life better, but society has brainwashed us into thinking that's the case.  Again, they're just people doing what they're good at to make a living. Nothing more.      ... I think. I have no idea, since I've never been drunk or high on recreational drugs before.  I was recently prescribed an antidepressant called "vilazodone" by my doctor, and I started taking them two days ago (today was the third day I've taken it). Ever since I started using them, I've been feeling really, really weird (strange too, considering that I was told, and have heard, that these things take at least a month to work).  Anyway, since taking it for the first time, I feel the strangest combination of the following:  * Slight nausea * Lightheadedness/dizziness (sometimes feels like my head is "spinning") * Fatigue * Horniness  I have no idea if this is normal or not, or even if it's a placebo effect at work, but... it feels sooooooo goooooood... _  I'm not at all concerned or asking for a diagnosis. Just bored and thought maybe someone would find this funny/intriguing.   I've heard that, with modern forensics, it's impossible.      I went to the doctor's office for an infection in my finger, got that taken care of, and then asked him about possible psychiatric treatments for my depression.  He asked me 7 or 8 questions from a questionnaire about my general emotional state and afterwards, I was prescribed vilazodone and given a starter kit.  I could have easily lied on the questionnaire, considering it was obvious how the questions were structured and how I'd have to answer them to give the impression that I'm depressed.  Am I missing something?                           I have a specific make and model (Dell Precision M6400) that I think has problems with overheating in these two areas. I'm already using a laptop cooler, and right now, without really doing anything except surfing the internet, my CPU is at 63 C and the motherboard is at 69 C. When it gets to this point, it has trouble loading any videos at all and it feels extremely hot to the touch (may also be an issue with an overheating graphics card).  What can I do, if anything, to keep it cooler?         http://assets.amuniversal.com/106a4fac250a102d94d7001438c0f03b  Then again, Calvin's such a little rotter that you might feel like ignoring him isn't the worst thing his parents could do o_o   I enjoy answering questions about this, so I wanted to field another AMA. I'm kind of bored. Anyways...  Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with extreme attraction to a partner who is sleeping or unconscious solely because of the fact that they are sleeping or unconscious. This is not a rape fetish-- taking a partner against his or her will has nothing to do with this.  I watch lots of sleep sex porn (it's the only porn that can keep my attention) and yes, I've fooled around with women as they sleep (with their prior consent).  Ask me anything.   What's wrong with reposting the same content in the same subreddit, some time later? It's the only way to expose one's post to more people (and thus get more distinct responses) after the original has died.   It feels like my depression and my exercise regiment are constantly clashing. To work out consistently requires energy, willpower, and motivation, all of which the parasite known as depression feeds on.   Sometimes I'll be fully rested but unable to work out because I don't have one or more of the above necessities. Does anyone have any suggestions as to what can help?   Yes, really.  I am more attracted to Beth Phoenix than I have been to any woman in my entire life, and I refuse to settle for admiring from afar.  Ask me anything.      I also haven't had any physical contact (let alone intimate contact) with a woman in over a year and a half.  **EDIT:** I've also never had an orgasm.  Ask me anything.            http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1991/03/18  Things that stood out to me:  -At one point, Calvin (or at least the "real" Calvin combined with the "good" Calvin) smiles for 16 straight panels. I always look for stuff like that (I'm weird), and I can't remember another time he smiled for even four straight panels.  -Hobbes notes at the end of the story arc that Calvin is "The only person [he knows] whose good side is prone to badness." But, Watterson immediately asserts (through Calvin) that it might not have been simply a case of Calvin being so bad that not even the incarnate of his good side can't resist being evil.  Calvin claims that "He could only be perfectly good as an abstraction. In his human manifestation, he wanted to throttle me," implying that simply by being human, it was impossible for "Good Calvin" to be flawlessly benevolent. Watterson was clearly making a point about human nature and perhaps our inability to resist the allure of sin.  This is part of the reason I resent when people disregard Calvin and Hobbes as "just a newspaper comic." Both Watterson and his writing are extremely deep, and his ability to express fundamental truths about things like this, and the world overall, is the reason I've re-read all of the collections at least three times each.   I fell for her the moment I laid eyes on The Glamazon. I adore her combination of physical strength and feminine beauty, and I refuse to admire from afar. I'm going after what I want.  Tell me how I can give myself the best chance to be successful.                                    I love it when I wake up in the morning and the sun isn't shining, and the sky is gray and cloudy and everything is just as dismal as it can be.   And I absolutely LOVE rain. The stronger the downpour, the better. Sometimes I open my front door and just stare outside for the entirety of a thunderstorm. The sound the rain makes as it hits the ground, the dreariness, I just go crazy for it.  If your answer is "Yes," why do you think it is? For myself, I imagine it's for two reasons-- one, because I like to see nature matching my own mood (which is usually "Bleh"), and also because that type of weather keeps people from going outside, which I like (I hate people in general).   23/M, just got quasi-dumped without even seeing the woman in person. I won't bother with details, since this isn't a blog... we met on Reddit, we clicked almost instantly, we started to fall for one another (as much as two people can who interact only through text), and then she told me that it's "inevitable" that she'll eventually forget about me once school starts.  I could live with being 3,000 miles away from her and probably never getting the chance to ever see her in person. I realized that from the start. But I thought at the very least, we could be long-term internet friends who occasionally send each other naughty messages.  But when she told me that our relationship was basically going to self-terminate in the near future, it hit me like a ton of bricks. I wasn't even mad at her... I was just disappointed at life.  I'm overly emotional for a guy, so it probably hurts a lot more than maybe it would for someone reading this, but I think, no matter what, something like this will almost always be painful.  So, please... if you find someone you like, and they like you back, for the love of all that is holy, **tell him/her not to expect a long-term relationship of any kind if you know that it won't work, for ANY reason at all**. Please. I don't want anyone else to feel like this.   I thought it was just silly that people couldn't see Spider-Man when he's on the ceiling. I'm like "He's right there! Just look up!" Then, through my own behavior, I realized that people in general tend to ignore the ceiling when they walk into any given room. There's no reason to acknowledge it-- it's just... there.   I met her on Reddit. We live on opposite ends of the country, so being together in person was never a realistic option. Even still, we hit it off. AIM chats full of kisses and 3s and sometimes naughty exchanges when we were feeling horny.  We made each other feel better when we were down and we tried our best to make sure neither of us stayed down for very long. I'm not afraid to say that we may have been falling for one another.  Earlier tonight, though, she told me that soon, we wouldn't be able to talk to me very much, since she starts school soon. I could feel the relationship starting to dissolve as soon as she said that, but I tried to be strong. I asked her to promise to try her best to not forget me, but she said she didn't want to, because it's inevitable.  It hurt badly, and I didn't know what to say. The fact that I didn't respond immediately seemed to worry her-- she said that she felt bad, but I tried to make us both feel better by flirting playfully. Eventually, she remarked that I was hers and hers only. I replied, without thinking, "Until you forget about me." It was a cry for help... I didn't mean it. I just wanted her to make me feel better about it.  She then told me she was going to leave, and even though I literally begged and pleaded, she still signed off. Usually, if I were to say "Please don't leave," she would become sympathetic and lovingly stick around, for me.  This time, she left without even acknowledging my pleas for her not to.  There's a giant knot in my stomach and I feel like my heart has been irreparably torn asunder. I feel like I don't deserve to live for what I may have just done, and I now have no way of contacting her outside of Reddit.  Please, if you're reading this... *please* come back to me. Don't do the unthinkable. I couldn't live with myself... just let me make it better... I promise I can.      I'm about 6'4, and I've heard a few women say that they love it when men are as tall as I am. One even responded with "Fuck me now" when I told her how tall I am. I guess maybe I don't see it because I'm used to my height or because almost everyone in my family (and a lot of my friends) are tall. I dunno.  How much do you personally value height, ladies?  **EDIT:** Also, how tall is *too* tall?   It's a nice message, but it's not realistic. Humans cannot perfectly manipulate their own emotions and make themselves feel however they want. If they could, no one would ever be sad or angry for more than 2 seconds at a time.  It reminds me of when parents tell their kids they can be whatever they want when they grow up. You don't really mean it-- you just say it so that they'll have confidence to go after what they want. The difference is, we're not kids, so don't treat us like it. Please don't patronize us.                        I love it when Calvin is interacting with another character, and through the first three panels, Calvin is visibly upset while the other character continues to bug him. Then, in the last panel, Calvin just explodes with anger.  http://cdn.svcs.c2.uclick.com/c2/4224a582250b102d94d7001438c0f03b       ... what's actually happening in Calvin's world in which Hobbes is a real tiger? It's been established that Calvin struggles to keep Hobbes' weight on his shoulders (usually when giving him a boost). So when other characters see Calvin with stuffed-animal Hobbes over his shoulder, is he actually carrying him?      I mean, we have the Patterson-Gimlin film in favor of Bigfoot, which still hasn't been completely debunked by science, whereas we have pretty much nothing visual for God or Jesus in that same regard. It seems that a lot more people believe in God than believe in Sasquatch, though.  I hope this post isn't breaking the rules-- just something I always thought about.      Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with extreme attraction to a partner who is sleeping or unconscious solely because of the fact that they *are* sleeping or unconscious. This is *not* a rape fetish-- taking a partner against his or her will has nothing to do with this.  I watch lots of sleep sex porn (it's the only porn that can keep my attention) and yes, I've fooled around with women as they sleep (with their prior consent).  Ask me anything.   Sports games implement sliders that allow you to tailor the game almost exactly to your liking, and as a result, give yourself a unique experience based on your skill level and style of play.  Shooters and action games only offer different difficulties (as far as I know). If they offered adjustable sliders, like:  * User/AI bullet damage  * User/AI melee damage  * User/AI accuracy  * User/AI speed  etc., I think that these types of games would be a more fun experience for a lot of people.   I have a Dell Precision M6400 with a 512MB NVIDIA Quadro FX 2700M. I think there's some sort of issue with the graphics card or the motherboard overheating-- I did some research but wasn't able to find anything definitive.  I had to buy a new charger after the original charger died, and the power brick on the new charger is way smaller than the original. It still fits in the laptop and charges it, but it takes forever to do so, and the laptop itself performs better when it's not plugged in. It never overheats while running on the battery, and I can actually watch 1080i videos without skipping.  I have a laptop cooler on which I constantly keep the laptop, but it still overheats randomly sometimes, but usually when I try to watch any video (it's like 50/50 as far as being able to watch a video without overheating).  When it overheats, it gets approximately as hot as the surface of the sun, and everything just kinda lags and the CPU Usage jumps to 100% and can stay there for minutes at a time. I've never had problems with the laptop shutting down due to overheating, however.  Any tips?         I learned that girls have two X chromosomes, and whenever I want to make sure I'm remembering that fact right, I think of this strip:  https://thecomicninja.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/calvin-and-hobbes-x-chromosomes.gif?w=640  Calvin and Hobbes also introduced me to the concept of being avant-garde. I also learned certain words like:  * Theology * Atrophy * Somnambulism * Stupendous (hey, I was young)   I've had trouble sleeping for a long time (mostly because of depression and anxiety), so I normally use OTC sleep aids, but I'm short on cash now and didn't have time to buy anymore after running out.  As a result, I've slept for about three hours in the last day and a half. Help me snooze.      Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with arousal by a sleeping/unconscious partner because of the fact that they *are* asleep/unconscious.  How do you feel about this? Would a fetish of this nature turn you off? Do you know anyone who has it? Do you personally have it (probably a long shot)? Any questions for someone who does (i.e., me)?   I've been single for almost a year and a half, and I don't really go out much. I live alone, and it gets lonely here by myself. I'm kinda nerdy (as if that's not a given), and I've got a good, quirky sense of humor. I love talking about myself and my weird personality (but not in a conceited, all-about-me kinda way), and I love listening to others talk about themselves. I really enjoy meeting new people and learning more about them, and I'm not judgmental at all. I just like when people are willing to be themselves, since I'll do the same.  I don't drink or smoke, and stay in the house a lot, but I'm always up for trying new things. Even if you're not in my area (or even in my country), feel free to PM me. I'm down for anything from meetups to casual chats to harmless flirting and anything in between.   Xbox 360 w/60 GB hard drive NBA 2K12 (very good condition) Madden NFL 12 (very good condition) Wireless controller w/charger  I've tried finding someone I know, or someone who knows someone I know, to buy it since I'll undoubtedly get more profit from a personal transaction, but no one's budging. What would GameStop give me for this? I'm guessing approximately peanuts.         I don't really go out, so I don't have any dressy clothes (my clothes are in good shape, just not very formal). No button-ups, no nice pants (just black jeans), etc. I wouldn't want to go to a club in a t-shirt and jeans... would I? I would say my tees are nice, but a button-up would be better, obviously. I'd buy some collared shirts and stuff if I could, but I'm broke as all hell.  I don't even know if I should go to a bar or a club. I've never been to one in my life and none of my friends will go with me. Maybe I should go somewhere else to meet women (I don't have a job right now and I'm not in school)?  What think, seddit?   I'm not going to pretend I'm some sort of sexual god-- I've just never had an orgasm. Everything else is fine. I get it up just fine, but I've never blown a load in my life (and I've some good, long-lasting sex/blow jobs/hand jobs/etc.).  I'm not necessarily asking for just sex or a FWB, but I have been feeling a little horny lately and I could use an outlet. I enjoy going down on women and using my mouth (and my tongue especially) in a lot of ways, so I won't ask you to do all the work. I also live by myself, so roommates/siblings/parents won't be an issue.  I'm a single black male, I stand about 6'3, and I've been told that I have "good hair" (it's curly and soft). I'm kinda slender with a sort of dark mocha complexion I guess. Around the same as Will Smith, I think.  Also, just in case people might not understand what I'm saying, I've never been with a man (I'm not gay, but I'm not homophobic, either). I just said "No woman" in the title to specify.  As I said, I definitely wouldn't mind an actual relationship, but I feel irresponsible if I didn't tell you I was feeling horny, and that's part of the reason I made this post.  Anyways, any ladies who want to see if they can be the first or are looking for a guy to spend time with in the Philadelphia area are free to send me a private message (or respond to this post if you want).      I've been terribly depressed for the last ten years, and I think I grew used to it eventually, so I never sought help when I could afford it. I've lost my most recent job since and have been applying for work over the last year and a half and have yet to be even considered by anyone. I have no money saved up and none coming in.  People have suggested to me that certain clinics will offer a sliding scale of payment based on your salary, but I have no salary.  How useful is 2-1-1? Would they be able to help someone in my position?  Any other suggestions? Thank you.         Let's say the FWB will be a 10/10, and the boy/girlfriend will be a 7.   I'm a 23-year-old male, and like I said, I haven't had any contact, let alone intimate contact, with a woman in a year and a half. I don't masturbate-- I never have, and I never feel a desire to. I get aroused sometimes, obviously, but I never feel the need to masturbate.  I was with my last girlfriend for about a year, and she couldn't make me ejaculate at all. She'd give me blow jobs and hand jobs, and I'd get erections, but I would never orgasm at all. During intercourse, I could make her cum, but not the inverse. I don't know if I don't like vagina or just didn't like hers. I haven't had sex with any other woman.  I've never felt an actual orgasm in my life, although I can say without a doubt that I've had wet dreams. How recently? I just woke up from one.  I thought everything I just described (i.e., no source of sexual release-- at least while awake) would lead to blue balls, but I don't think I have it. Is my body just compensating with the nocturnal emissions? Is living this way unhealthy (it doesn't really bother me at all)? I don't feel repressed sexually or anything.      I've had no luck at all even getting called in for any interviews-- the only times I did, I realized they were scams.  I have four years of work experience as an administrative assistant at the University of Pennsylvania, and I mostly apply to secretarial positions, but no one even considers hiring me. I use monster.com and Craigslist for the most part.  I've even gone to every place of business within about a mile of my house (no car), and they didn't get back to me. I've gone to my local mall... nothing.  Any advice?                 	170
 Damn skippy!  	1
 D: That poor dog...I'm so happy someone rescued it. 47% down vote...Really?!   This is where Pixar animators laugh because they are so sneaky. Mwahaha   I don't think anyone understands the amount of excitement I have right now. And for goodness sake, who on earth would down vote this???   my band teacher's go to joke.   My band teacher's go to joke.    Sorry bro...I wish you the best of luck..   It's beautiful!! You're a lucky person..   Not the most attractive expression for her...but she's still pretty.   You know what they say about big dogs...? Short life spans.   Hey look! Its the babysitter from a Disney movie!    That guy wishes he was in a fish bowl.    Many interwebs for you.    That is freaking nasty. Ew. However, its the little ones that'll kill you.    Go get 'em tiger.    Really clever. But no.   I'm 18 (fresh out of high school) and have never smoked weed or consumed alcohol. And as a girl, I have also never dyed my hair or gone "fake" tanning. I mean come on, the sun isn't broken!   She has huge racks..of lamb.    Agreed. I took a first look and was utterly overwhelmed. It was a lot to take in and I wanted to walk away from it at first, but was coerced by my friends try again...and here I am..damn peer pressure.      D'awww. Can I have one? Along with one of these? http://helablog.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/slow_loris_umbrella.jpg    The Louvre!..a bit of a hike to see it...but it's beautiful.   Have you ever dealt with children who have had to take responsibility for their depressed parents?   	22
     There is a significant difference in the interpretation of scientific studies when compared with the desired  Scientific studies do seem to work in terms of statistical significance, as the article says a sleeping pill such as Rozerem makes you fall asleep ~15 minutes quicker and makes you sleep for 20 minutes longer. Considering the potential side affects of the morning hangover and addiction that would seem to be a small benefit. Why do you disagree with this?   I sometimes find that I am similar. If I get a good nights sleep then I seem to be punished for it the next day by being awake for about 24 hours even if I am tired after 18.  I am currently trying Magnesium Citrate and 5-HTP which are showing some early signs of being useful, have you tried those?                    	9
 interesting! good to know (more incentive to stick to beans, rice, and salads...the good ol' unprocessed staples of my diet).   tea—or more specifically the caffeine in tea—is indeed a diuretic. despite that, though, i really don’t know what to make of your case. really quite bizarre!  edit: grammar   Thank you for the reply.  I have mainly been reaching out via company websites' "Contact Us" forms, and have received a few lukewarm—but thoughtful—responses.   Hello,  I need some help. I am only 20, but so far college has been quite rough for me and I believe working with tea is my true calling. Upon discovering several small, ethical tea companies around the country (America), I have begun reaching out but so far have not been too lucky.  My passion is clear, I think, as is my willingness to work. Am I doing something wrong? Are these companies looking for something specific that I am lacking or perhaps failing to mention? Is there just not a great labor demand among these smaller companies?  Please respond with any relevant or potentially helpful information; particularly if you work for/have worked in the tea industry. This is my dream and, as I said previously, my true calling in life. Thank you.   I personally recommend ZeroWater! It is the only five-stage water filter on the market that removes 99.9% of dissolved solids in water. They are available on Amazon in differently-sized pitchers and dispensers, and from my personal experience, are ideal for tea (and general water drinking). :-)   Just out of curiosity, why are you against the recreational use of marijuana? Not trying to incite a war or anything. It's just not an opinion one hears a lot these days.   Thanks!   If you're in the mood for something a bit different (smokier) than your standard Earl G., Harney amp;amp;amp;amp; Sons' Earl of Harlem is supposed to be pretty excellent.  I've been meaning to pick some up myself, because their teas are pretty damn awesome:  https://www.harney.com/ambessa-the-earl-of-harlem-20-sachets-tin.html  Also—and I am speaking from experience here—Rishi Tea's Earl Grey Lavender is absolutely delicious (and pretty luxurious, particularly with some cream and honey):  http://www.rishi-tea.com/product/earl-grey-lavender-organic-black-tea-blend/black-tea  For something a bit less pricey and in bags (although the flavor profile may not be as "interesting"), here is Rishi's plain Earl Grey in sachets:  http://www.rishi-tea.com/product/earl-grey-organic-fair-trade-tea-bag/tea-bags   Does anyone know of a place to get a good tea needle and knife? I tried Amazon, and perhaps I was just not patient enough, but everything seemed pretty questionable and/or overpriced.   Yes! I live in Western North Carolina (where Panther Moon is based) and was able to try a few of their puerh teas at a tea festival in Black Mountain.  Everything about their tea 'friendship caravan' was wonderful; although they were very busy I received a thorough explanation on each tea I tried, all of which were delicious.  I ended up taking two ounces of a 2009 Zhang Lang sheng/raw puerh home, which was nice because I have been too lazy/forgetful to invest in a tea needle and knife. The tea is of superb quality—very fresh and light for a puerh—although if you want something with more age or in a different family of tea altogether, I can personally vouch for the value and quality of Panther Moon Tea Co.   They don't have to be books about dealing with grief or mental illness, nor do they need to have 'saved your life.' Just try and recall any book that has helped you break a depressive cycle or gain some new, maybe reinvigorating perspective.  Please avoid religious texts if you can.  	11
 Actually, scratch that last comment, she drank potion and didn't die, so there must be some kind of power in her.  Unless, of course, she was expecting to be poisoned and drank some antivenom from her many, many tiny jars with love dust and whatnot...  Hmmm    I know, also, why does she need potions to conjure magic and trap men? *cough, cough* Stanis *cough, cough*   I don't think she will, she was very surprised when that happened and was like: I don't know how to do that *sob, sob*   Always wanted a pet rat but decided to get married.  Worked out though I got a mother in law *lol*   Actually I just realized that, also, the fact that she has failed to fulfill prophecies.  I don't think she has the power to resurrect Jon Snow so him coming back as a white walker is quite possible.  Damn it George, get your shit together man!   True that, true that   What about the death of Joffrey Cuntface and Rob Stark?  Or was that just a strange coincidence?   I actually don't like her much   The drug dealer neighbor that throws badass parties with donkeys, cheap booze and a lot of Brown nipples      Hey guys,  I don't really know how this works yet, so forgive me if I screw up.  Been a quiet observer for a while but now decided to join reddit, and now am totally confused.  So yeah...   	11
 I definitely thought this was all rumored. Thinking about this, it would cause alot of problems for the standard player.  Heres a situation: A player goes to his friends house and has the ultra newest game linked to his XBOX before he comes over. To save himself and his friend from troubling with all the cords and plugs, he leaves his Xbox at home. When they start playing, he downloads his account on the Xbox and gets ready to show his friend the game aaannnndddd...... ERROR: THIS GAME IS NOT VALID ON THIS XBOX. PLEASE BLAH BLAH BLAH. Anyone else see the problem with this in some situations?   Okay what i had considered and talked about with my uncle and a few friends is that on the Xbox One, they will have to option to download newer games that you previously owned on your 360 such as Halo 4, Mass Effect 3, Bioshock Infinite, and other highly-played, recently-released games. Albeit this was just my idea, i dont think theyd kill this stage setter that quick. Anyone else have ideas?   *slowly applauds*   Hey OP, dont Jinx us!   Oh gawd.   What do you mean, may I ask?   Ive also noticed crystals floating in mid air and not taking hit damage which reallllyyyt sucks   Thank you! Again, mostly mobile user so i dont get to see this but when i get on my laptop again ill change my flair.   Okay pardon a mobile Reddit user for a moment please and allow me to ask, is their flair for the Defiance subreddit and do we need ideas for some? Cause id be more than willing to come up with some. Of course theres the obvious; Ark Hunter, Arkfall, Irathient, Human, Castithian, Bioman, a title for each in game company, and maybe even McOlly(sp.?). I dont know, pitch in your ideas!   It is. In Co-Op on the mission into Delta Bunker, there is a bioman pumped up on adreno   I got late christmas money and immediately went to my local Vintage Stock and found it. I didnt even know what i had stumbled upon till i got it home. Mines perfect, no dents, and no rust   Missouri is with you buddy!   Okay i have to say it FUCK US AMERICA. Honestly, we make jokes about like Canadians always being too nice and stuff and its not even that. Theyre just not assholes. They have EMPATHY for the fellow person, something im sad to admit, most of our generation doesn't have. If you have given me a gift, id probably have shit a brick and been really happy. Thats courtesy right there. People nowadays just aren't nice. In a dog eat dog world alot of people are becoming wolves.   I'll promise you mine if you promise me yours, I've said it more but who keeps scores  Right... right in the feels. Oh god.    So this post is exactly what the title is. My story. My struggle with depression. Its been a battle that im not happy to be a veteran of but im sure as hell glad that i am where im at today.  My depression started really early for me when i was in about 5th grade. I was bullied alot at school. Now, you hear a lie so many times eventually youll start believing it. That was the case back then. I wasnt a big kid but i was chunky. I was in baseball from kindergarten to 5th and that's pretty much what kept me active. I was called fat and other rather harsh words for that era and at the time, it sunk in. It etched onto my skin and those kids didnt even realize it. I made it through the year but i wasnt prepared for the next shitstorm.  6th grade. Yay. Everyone moves up to middles school(except fort osage. Screw you.). This is honestly where it really started. Well early on in the year it was the same old same old. Kids call me fat, i lose all motivation to work at all and i just sit there. I got alot of shit that year, worse than before. I was in my schools gifted student program cause i was smart as hell. I always had been. I got a really good friend out of it and he helped me through what was to come later. Anyway, i got suspended for a racist comment directed at a black friend of mine who laughed his ass off at it. Nonetheless,  i still think the school had it out for me. I got suspended again later on that year for i can't even remember what now. Then my parents got divorced. It tooks its toll big time. My mom was a heavy alcoholic, pill popper, and coke addict. She was physically there but nevee mentally or emotionally. That affected me the most. Never having the social development at home that i never got at school. It killed me alot. My stepdad was abusive when they fought the last time. He choked her right before my eyes. It made me resent him even to this day. My mom sobered up thankfully and i was sent off to live with my aunt a few miles south of home. Thus begins the second shittiest year of my life.  7th grade. At this age(12yo) i was still highly imaginative but i was very unstable. My anxiety worsened now more than ever, not being with my mom or sisters. My cousin grew to be a brother to me. At that time though, he was just a role model. He was drumline captain and was friends with everyone at the small new school. I had about 3 friends total, not including family that were there for me through shit. I was a nobody at school. I got home, would check the mail, and then read my new Naruto manga and pretend i was a ninja for a bit before setting down and playing xbox. I had no life. I was too young to go out with "friends" and i wasnt old enough to be left alone. I became a burden to my cousins and i even overheard them talking about it one time too. I hated living with them. My cousin would always jump out and scare the living shit out of me to the point where i had an anxiety attack and sat and cried for up to three hours. That house broke me. One of my friends also really liked naruto so i made her a ninja star from paper and one time i was making her a spare and my uncle caught me making it. He took it, ripped it in half, and said "Its time to grow up. Youll never be a ninja so you need to quit with all that crap. Ninjas are a long time ago. They dont exist anymore. Grow up and start thinking about a real job.". That broke me. To the core. I went to school the next day, hid in the bathroom and cried for the whole first hour. Later on that year i wronged a girl slightly and she got her squad together and tried getting me suspended which was pure entertainment. Anyways, that school year ended, they moved away and other stuff happened between us that now makes me hate that sect of my family but thats another story. 8th grade. Changed me for the better honestly. Went back to the school i was at for 3rd-6th. So i knew alot of people and met some new ones. I was still fixing up from being the new kid and traveling back and forth every week. It gave me stress and anxiety like no other. I was always on snapping edge, ready to rip someone a new one. A teacher called me out for being correct and humiliated me in front of the class. It sent me blazing. So i wrote her a rather harshly worded deathnote:) something among the lines of A Little Piece of Heaven meets the Black Dahlia Murders..:) goes without say that i got in trouble. Expelled is more correct. And then i made my second stay at Research Psych Center! Yay. Not. Pumped them so full of bullshit it was hilarious. I did however get properly diagnosed with Bipolar and Manic depression so at least they got that right. I moved to odessa with my mom and stepasshole (he doesnt deserve the title dad). The first month or two i wasnt allowed in classes. Let alone in school a whole day. After a while, i did ISS service and around midjanuary i got into actual classes. Nobody welcomed me. I thought they all knew. I was so paranoid i though everyone had been told what i had done for their personal safety. I didnt have anyone to talk to till close to the end of the year. All but a handful of those friends now hate my guts. Freshman year. I had anxiety like never before. Bad enough to. where i attempted suicide. Again. And got stopped thankfully. Had to go to court for Public disturbance or some shit like that. Went through the year under constant ridicule and harassment. I got into theatre. It was and is my escape. Its my calling. What lets me get away from people. I survived like usual. I lost a few friends along the way but theyre losses anyways. And now to the grand finale. Sophomore year. My current year. Been pretty shitty so far. My best friends give me shit every second of school. Wether its about my choices in anythng or my mom or what, they find something and make fun of it. Back in about November, i planned on going through snd killing myself. I was done. I thought it was the only way out and the easiest way to stop the ridicule. Kaylynn, my current girlthing(we aren't dating but we want to) messaged me. Just needing someone to talk to in a time of need. I took it as a sign and i talked her through a situation id been in before. A few days later she said she like me. I liked her too. We dated for a month. Only good thing this year. We broke up and kept talking. My stepdickhead came out about his addiction to meth only to keep using. Uh.... welll.... now im here. Typing this with sore thumb pads and sore eyes.   Please share your stories. Your strong enough to get them out there. Trust me i believe you can. And if your thinking about suicide, take this as your sign. Live another day. Live for me. Live for family. Live for a friend.   Alot of my friends know that about me but ive gotten better over the years. Its a huge struggle as im sure we all know but if you can make it t hrough the day,  i am so damn proud of you.   So happy i took the time to help and im gonna keep helping as long as i can   Welcome to Reddit halo where we help decide wether an AI is 8 or 70 and the legitimacy of her hotness.   Im going to sound like Satans stepson but i ate the baby, then killed the guy for his armor.   "If they came to hear me beg, they shall be disappointed."   I love you sir. The firsr creative story i wrote was whenn i was 12 and i had just read Ghosts of Onyx so i was obsessed with the spartan 3s. My newer writings are exponentially better and are better formed and are more canon. I love reading other peoples works too. I am interested and excited!   So my ex girlfriend/current fwb[16f] and i[16m] have been talking since we broke up. I was her first kiss and she has always been shy and nervous. Well, i introduced her to my form of sexting as a means for her to show me what she really wants to do but is to nervous to do. She enjoys doing it and wants to almost every night. Over the past few months shes evolved from hardly letting my hands wander while making out to letting me eat her out while she masturbates to it irl.  Heres where the problem lies. Weve been in this phase for two months now. She really enjoys it because she "gets a different barrage of senses each time" but i feel like im beating a dead horse. One time she got to having her hand wrapped around my dick but couldnt bring her self any farther. I need help either getting out of this phase or ideas for her to do physically(btw shes not the biggest fan of penetration). Please help guys, i know im a little young but please.   A fwb of mine, we have a similar system. I suck at memorizing lines in theatre and so for each one i get right when she asks, well pretty much all in person except incriments of 1   Im in a similar boat with you bud. My girlfriend is really insecure, she doesnt have the history though. I was her first kiss and we dated for a month before she broke us up. We never stopped talking and she admits she still loves me but doesnt want to commit again. She loves sexting which i introduced her too but she wont go past me eating her out. She lets her insecurities bug her but i have mine too so ive learned how to get rid of them. If she does get insecure i just comfort her and remind her how much i love her and she falls asleep on the phone with me    Are you Satan?!   Okay couple problems with that, while i do miss what story 1 2   3 had against the Prophets, theyre all dead now. The covenant has pretty well disbanded to radical loyalists. The elites are now in the (Spoiler:Glasslands) midst of a civil war. The brutes are all but lost without any guidance and the grunts are just grunts. I dont want the flood again cause now chief has something REALLY personal agains the gravemind. I would type more but i gotta get ready for school.   So halo reach in a nutshell? I will agree, while i love the story behind Infinity, i miss hearing the death growls of elites.   If i understand it correctly, most if not true forerunners are dead. I could be wrong so dont hold me to it until theres proof.   While I cant fathom how purely awesome this would be, i cant see it happening. Spartan Ops as is already takes up quite some space but mix that with open world and yeesh.   I can agree on the dedicated servers with all my heart but what do you mean by in game rank?   Yeah, i was thinking of the grand total not individual sorry lol   Okay so rather than links to phony things that "will" be in halo 5, im opening this thread. Put YOUR ideas of weapons, vehicles, maps, and any other basic in-game things youd like to see in halo 5. If your using someone else's idea from anoter thread, please at lease cite that user. Me personally, i miss UNSC aircraft so i would love to see the Vulture or Falcon in the next game. I would also love to see the SMG back and the Brute Plasma Rifle.   I actually put Reach in earlier and just looked at my character. I had just reached Brigadier before switching to 4 and i remember how proud i was to level up to it finally. On here, i hit 40's in a matter of two weekends at a friends house. If they do add in the microtransactions like rumored, i would love to see a few extra ranks and rewards added in. Like three ranks after 130, Heretic, Reclaimer and Precursor and each one takes alot of xp to level, like in the millions. I think itd be cool.   I like it. Like a 5-10% chance of x3 and a 10-15% chance of x2. Maybe even add like one game fast tracks in there even.   Okay, so the first thing that drove me away after a week of Halo 4 was the sheer repetitiveness of the after game credits. Every match, id finish and watch as it gives me my 2890 xp and I'd move along. I miss the jackpot system that was in Reach. Never really knowing how much youd get, always hoping for the 30,000 cR. Please tell me Im not the only one.   Mind blown. That is actually a genius thought.   I actually think she still is active. Think being keyword. I may be wrong.   I like the idea. Like maybe in halo 5 it changes your tag to ally for 5-10 seconds but at the cost of your shields or mobility   I say do what you gotta do to get commendations and such. If he wants to do big team snipers than let him. It the same as energy sword and gravity hammer. You sure as heck arent going to get them in slayer so if you use grifball(like i did) i won't judge. Some commendations are just easier to get in certain game modes. I personally dont care how people get them unless they are using stacked matches. Then fuck you.   Only III's I can think of who were as good as II's by any comparable measure, is Noble 6. He was the only other Hyper Lethal spartan other than John.   I guess i worded it oddly. Traviss tends to put thinks nobody expects at all and is sometimes taken negatively. Like the arrest of Halsey, while yes, what she did was bad kidnapping and such, think about what had happened if she hadnt initiated spartan 2. She also almost glorified Paragnosky, the wicked witch of ONI. Ive never personally read the Greg Bears but the reception is always good. I will take your opinion into mind when i consider getting the box set. Speaking of which, how is the thursday war if you have read it.   I like the analogy there. Mind if i quote it?   Alright im going to put in my two cents.  Spartan I's and IV's are very alike. That is, they were both soldiers recruited for their exceptional skills and gene scale. At the time of Orion(I's) technology was underdeveloped and so several candidates dropped after recieving procedures. They were not given any power armor but were made to be super soldiers.  The Spartan II's were abducted at 6 and trained vigorously until 13-14 when they recieved procedures such as the carbide ceramic ossification of the bones, ultimately making their bones harder than concrete. Now while almost half of the candidates died or were lift crippled, the Spartans were able to show massive feats of strength and smarts. They could sport any MJOLNIR variation and were often sent on missions too risky for any amount of standard marines.  The Spartan III's, while having a higher success rate and a larger gene pool, were weaker with armor. The procedures were the same for the II's as the III's, only with time, they had improved to a 90% success rate as opposed to a sometimes 48% success. III's would recover quicker from the procedures and would be fitted with SPI armor and most often, sent on suicide missions, resulting in success with high, sometimes complete, casualties. The Spartan III's were weaker, but on par with wits.  The Spartan IV's were all conscripted because of previous conditions of servitude such ad being a special forces member or ODST. IV's had preexisting training and were thus not needed to be trained as rigorously. They would be trained, augmented, and ready for battle in 6 months, the fastest of any generation to date. Their MJOLNIR variant is, as another user pointed out, a Gen 2. That is to say, it is lighter, more durable, and just as flexible than/as previous generations. They do have a nanosuit underneath with hardpoints as displayed by Halo 4 legendary ending which shows IV's in the background getting pieces taken off by machines.  To summarize, Spartan II's are the most elite, trailed closely by IV's, then I's and III's.   Upvoted. I actually found an idiot on tumblr who, while im sure was trolling, argued 3s and 4s were the best Spartans ever made. Needless to say, a rather heated debate ensued. Thanks for the explanation!    See, I love the characters but Im not the biggest fan on Traviss' writing style. She tends to make a characters whiny and sometimes puts her own views into the writing rather than the view that most have. Dont get me wrong, Karen is a stellar author but shes not Greg Bear or Tobias Buckell.   He was referring to Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), which is what this subreddit is using to display your CSR flair next to your username.  AH! Yes that was it! He was talking about the flair and how he preferred old flair to new flair. Thank you!!!   Okay so currently, i am finishing up Glasslands for the second time and I am going to read Thursday War. I hope theres more of the Kilo Five. With reading all these, i havent read any of the Forerunner saga. Can someone sum it up for me or link me to a summary? Would be very much appreciated!!   Someone i was reading a post by had mentioned css. May have been a typo. Sorry guysCSS? LMFAO    Okay so ive heard alot of buzz about CSR and CSS as of late and i was wondering if someone could explain it to me. It would be greatly appreciated.   I know im definitely a bit late on the get go as im not on Reddit all that often but i would more than love to help with the timeline. Ive got the Limited Editions of Reach and 4 so i have a bit of background you may or may not have. just want to help!   If I could, I would honestly mail you my old copies of First Strike, Ghosts of Onyx, and Contact Harvest. IMO, I love the backstory GoO leads, and Glasslands definitely sums up the aftermath of it all. I would recommend what /u/DildoChrist said about local librarys. If not, just buy them at a local Vintage Stock or comics store.    Spartan IV's were all Marines, Navy, Air Force, and Special Forces before the recruitment into the program. Most of them, as previous commenters have said, were definitely trained before the enlistment. War Games was made to compensate for the lack of constant fielding and was also made to keep the Spartans at the top of their skill. So in a way, yes, their training could be almost nonexistent so they are readily available to be out and into battle.  As u/afterbang brings up, the augmentation process is that of the SIII's. That is, quick and almost flawless, but the patient will need time to recuperate. While Im about to contradict myself here, this is quote for quote from Gabriel Thorne's journal kept in the Halo 4 Limited Edition Infinity Briefing Packet... "Feb 6'58 I'm a Spartan now, after months of surgery and training just so I could survive using the armor..." Note: MONTHS. So I am officially giving it my vote of anywhere from 3-6 months of training. Hopefully this solves something a bit.   I generally scream "That ones for Six!" or insert name in place of Six. Its actually entertaining cause my party is always uber nerds like me.   I think that the Infinity will report back to Paragnosky or her cronie Spartan and it will soon reach the Arbiter who will join again in the fight against the opposition. Or maybe they could do a split campaign in Halo 5 because if the Arbiter returns to Sangheilios during this religious civil war mentioned in Glasslands, he might have to fight against that.   I personally dont play Team Snipers on Halo 4 but on Reach I used to. With Halo, its like what I do in Swat; try not to look to much down or up unless you are on an incline. This way, if you round a corner, *pop* and the enemys got a shell already dug deep in the skull.   Wait, I am confused. What is the true skill system? Ive heard the buzz about it but i thought that was the current system..? Is true skill where your awarded for how you do in a match, not just for playing?    My cousin and I when we were younger would play on my uncles xbox and we almost always chose Combat Evolved and ever since ive been a big fan. just a bunch of memories with the games.  	57
    I've decided to come to you guys for help figuring out what’s up with my kitten. Money is too tight to take an otherwise healthy cat to the vet, but I would very much like the opinion of a professional.  She is five months old and just barely half the size of her siblings, and she has been very slow developing.  Can you wonderful pet doctors here at r/veterinarian help me out?        Here's some background information: My 1  1/2 year old cat has had two litters of kittens. Her first litter was underdeveloped, half were stillborn, and some had no fur. They just didn't look like normal kittens. Unfortunately none of them survived.  Her second litter was much better, two didn't make it, but we ended up with 5 healthy kittens, three girls who we named Freckle, Princess, and Valerie, and two boys named Jake and Pluto. Valerie was MUCH smaller than the others, and also looked much different in the face regarding her facial structure. She had no problems latching and nursing, in fact she nursed the most out of all of the kittens. As the other kittens started to explore, she preferred to nap, or just sit there and watch.        The other kittens grew fast, and started eating their moms' dry food at around three and a half months, with the mother cat nursing less frequently. Valerie couldn’t chew the dry food, her teeth were too small it seemed, but she could chew wet food. For some reason the food seemed to make her bloated and constipated, so we stopped giving it to her and just fed her kitten milk replacer that she would lap up from a little bowl. She stayed the same size, only gaining a bit of weight and filling out a little bit. After researching, I began to cook for her. I fed her eggs from our chickens and ducks, fish, and occasionally chicken or pork. I would feed her three times a day. After the dietary change, we noticed her growing! She also got more active, chasing her siblings around and even spending some time outside with them.  (We live in a rural area, so our other cats spend a lot of time outside).          At five months, Valerie is just barely half the size of her litter mates. Her teeth are still small, and she can’t chew hard food.  She has hard time breathing sometimes, and she slightly wheezes most of the time.  I have also noticed she seems to have bad eyesight. She has kept the high pitched kitten-like mew, also.  Other than that, she acts just like a normal cat. She loves being held, and will follow me around and meow at me until I pick her up. She is very friendly, and a big cuddle-bug, and enjoys scaling couches and curtains, jumping, and wrestling with her siblings. She doesn’t like being outside, so she is a full indoor cat. I have spent hours searching what could be wrong with her but the closest thing I could find is pituitary dwarfism, or hypothyroidism.   [here is some pictures of her](http://imgur.com/a/zn432/)  *edit : formatting*   In the second to last pic you remind me of Ariel :) love your transformation, the eyebrows are magnificent!   That commercial scares the shit out of me! It always seems to come on when I'm watching late at night alone with all the lights off, too. Fuck that commercial.   I would be trapped in a large, deep, murky body of water floating helplessly as I tried to make out the black shapes swimming around under me, getting closer and closer.   Well there's a radiator on under the table, so I think she's sleeping there because it's nice and warm :)      I thought the same thing!   If you have stretched ears and don't clean them, what happens is dead skin cells build up in between the jewelry and your ear which causes a rather raunchy stank.  	8
 Here is the back story you need to understand: My grandmother didn't raise any of her kids. The relationship she had with her children is like the relationships royalty had with their offspring. After giving birth, she pretty much only them at meals. My grandpa and great-grandma raised my mom, aunt, and uncle.   My sister is engaged, and grandma asked, "When are you having kids?"  Sister answered, "Probably never. But if we do, it'll be years from now."  Grandma looks bewildered. "No kids? But why?"  "I don't like them."  "Well, I would raise them for you."  At this point my mom starts laughing so hard she nearly drops some dishes. "Mom, you didn't even raise me, you know nothing about babies."  "That isn't so! I raised you kids."  "No you didn't. Grandma got us ready for school every morning. I remember dad taking care of us during the night. You laid in bed every day until noon and then went shopping."  (Here's the kicker.) "Well, I gave you a bottle once."  I gave you a bottle once. *Really.*  Grandma is still trying to convince my sister she'll raise her baby for her.    http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/i%20need%20feminism%20because I'm still not sure how Tumblr works, so in case what's in that link changes here is another pic:http://i50.tinypic.com/243iwqs.jpg  Okay:  Sleeping Beauty: It's annoying when people act like some random prince just raped Aurora. That might have been what happened in the original tale, but not in the Disney movie. In the movie, Aurora and Philip fell in love on their own. They met out in the woods and sang together. Aurora eventually stuck her finger on the spinning wheel, and went to a magically induced sleep until Philip could kill the villain, and kiss her to wake her up. It wasn't as if Phillip came across a sleeping woman and decided to rape her here. They were already in love and he just had to kiss her to wake her up. In what way is that anything like rape? If you want to bitch about the original tale go ahead, but that's not what the Disney version did.  Snow White: I've always felt that the true heroes were the drawfs, not the prince. The drawfs opened their home to SW and cared about her. They didn't make her cook and clean for them; she chose to. There was a homeless child wandering around the forest, and they adopted her. The prince just kind of happened among them and decided to kiss a corpse. He didn't protect her in any way.  Ariel: Ariel didn't change her body and leave her family for Eric. She did that because she wanted to be human. She wouldn't have met Prince Eric at all if she hadn't been going to the surface to spy on humans.   Jasmin: Well, this is true for the time Jasmin was written to exist in. But in the end she chose to marry Aladdin, who was worth nothing politically. And her choice was accepted and supported. What's to bitch about here?  Belle: I'm confused here. Is this saying appearances don't matter to the guy as long as the girl is pretty? Belle's appearance isn't what made the Beast fall for her. It was because she was smart (all that reading she did) and wanted to help him. In the deleted scenes it even shows Bell teaching the Beast to read. That's why he liked her.   Cinderella: Or maybe if you keep your chin up, try your best, and believe in yourself even in bad situations, good things can happen and you'll be rewarded?   Men:  Circumcision - Can we please give baby boys the same rights girls have and stop mutilating them?  Child Support - I have no problem with it generally, but it's just wrong that sex can lead to a man being stuck shelling out money for 18 years. If a woman is told from the get-go she'll be a single mother, she accepts full responsibility if she decides to keep the child. She can still abort (which I also think should be legal in all 50 states and cheap as part of healthcare), or put it up for adoption, so it isn't like she has to be a single mother if she doesn't want to. Obviously I don't think a man should be able to leave a heavily pregnant woman after they've decided to have a child, or a child he already has, but it's wrong that a woman can just say, "Yep, I'm one month pregnant, so get a job because you're on the hook for 18 years." *She has choices available to her, so should he.* I know poverty is also an issue, but I would also have a minimum wage you can live on, like Sweden does.  -The draft. Mens' lives aren't worth less than a woman's. I believe the draft should be done away with entirely, but both sexes should have to register as long as it exists.  Women:  Abortion legal - That's it. Her body, her choice. She gets the only say.  Military - Standards should be the same for men and women if they are doing the same work. All roles, even combat, should be open for women if they meet the requirements.    I don't have dental insurance and can't afford it, so I'm looking into getting my teeth looked at by dental schools as I hear it's cheaper. How much cheaper is it? My teeth need so much dental attention but I'd settle for just having cavities taken care of, will they do that?    If you've ever had a retail or any sort of sales job, you know the drill. You're expected to smile, be energetic, and make customers feel welcome. Yeah, not very easy for someone whose life involves mostly misery. I can't even count how many times I've been called into the managers' office because someone complained that I didn't smile (yes, people have actually complained because I didn't smile at them), or because I wasn't friendly.  Now, I am never rude. I am polite, always give customers my full attention, and try to help them in whatever way I can. But I simply cannot act enthusiastic enough to satisfy managers. That's why my job interviews often lead nowhere. Smile? You have no idea how much energy it takes not to cry sometimes, smiling is quite out of the question. And I can't act enthusiastic because I can't remember the last time I was excited. I have my good days and bad days, but my two main moods are depressed and neutral. If I'm neutral, it means I'm having a good day.       http://mybrownbaby.com/2011/12/taye-diggs-says-fatherhood-is-a-little-scary%E2%80%94but-easy-and-romantic/  I know this article is over a year old, but it made me chuckle. I'm a huge Broadway fan, and a fan of Idina Menzel, Taye's wife, so I watched some interviews with them after the baby was born. They mentioned having a nanny, a cook, and at one point, a driver.  No, I imagine parenting wouldn't be at all difficult with all that. But the scary thing is, when this article first came out, on Broadway forums were saying, "See, parenting isn't that hard, you just have to love each other!" I hope they won't think their baby comes with three people for help too. :X   I was put on 10mg of Paxil at age 11, maybe 10 at the youngest. At around 17 I was put on 20mg, and in my 20s (I'm 24 now) I was put on 40mg. I've been feeling like my medicine isn't doing as much as it used to, and have been since I was 17. The doc thought it would help to keep increasing the dose, but finally I said I don't think increasing the dose would help a lot. So she switched me to 20mg (to start) Prozac, and told me to go down to half a dose of Paxil for a week, stop taking it, then switch to Prozac.  Well, Monday (the 4th) was my last Paxil day, and I feel like complete shit now. Headaches, those electrical shocks in my head (I'm sure you know what I'm talking about), the nausea, the back aches, the dizziness...just ugh. It totally feels like the flu. I'm sweating enough to fill a swimming pool. I've always been an easy crier, but now I can cry just on command. I go back to the doc in April, I just hope it's better by then.   Also, yes, I'm aware a week is a very short time for Paxil to be weaned off of. But it's been 5 days, I may as well ride it out, since it wasn't doing much for me anymore anyway. On the bright side, at least I haven't found a job yet. Working like this? No.  And finally, old suicide wishes are spring back up, but I don't have to worry about that since I would feel really bad for my grandma if I did, so I'm putting it off until she dies, at least. I've been dealing with it for more than a decade, it's just a little stronger now.   You have to agree it takes a special someone to make it through something so rigorous as medical school. Not only is the subject of your learning difficult, med schools tend to test your stamina by making you go on little sleep and outrageous hours. For years.   Now look at me. I failed out of school (not med school, but still) and I don't feel comfortable complaining about my inadequacies  to someone who's basically a god compared to me. I can barely keep it together to hold down a job, let alone do anything that takes skill and intelligence. I just feel like they'd be right to look down upon me, although I know they wouldn't.   I know this article is a few years old, but I haven't seen it mentioned here before, so...  http://thestir.cafemom.com/healthy_living/8143/_Baby_Lust_Would_You  There's an alarmingly high statistic floating around CafeMom of late: Forty-two percent of women claim they would lie about contraception in order to get pregnant, regardless of the wishes of their partners. In other words, women so desperately want a baby that they tell their partners are on birth control when, really, they aren't.  Honestly, this sort of shit should get men off child support responsibilities if it's found out. I already sort of support "financial abortions" for men (of course, some things would need considered, such as cost of abortions for women, access to healthcare, etc), but how can anyone find this shit acceptable?       So many people say you can't compare female circ to male circ because of these things:  -Female circumcision removes the clitoris, which would be like removing the entire penis in a male  -Female circ is only performed to diminish sexual stimulation in the female  -Female circ is done in dirty conditions with pieces of class, inviting infection and death  -Female circ ruins lives  I don't deny all this is true in certain parts of the world, like a lot of countries in Africa. But too many people are unaware of other types of female circumcision, which can very easily be compared to male:  -In places like much of Egypt and Indonesia, the clitoris isn't removed. Only the clitoral hood is removed. This is very similar to removing the foreskin in the male. The development of both types of prepuce is the same. Both uncover the glans during sexual stimulation, both are fused to the glans at birth, and both collect smegma.   -This type isn't done to diminish sexuality. It's done because they believe it to be cleaner, healthier, and more visually appealing.   -This type is very rarely done in huts with pieces of glass. Doctors in hospitals do it with sterile equipment.  -Women who have had this type done to them seem happy with it. Let me post two links:  http://aandes.blogspot.com/2010/04/circumcision.html  This one is a blog written by an Indonesian woman. In the blog, she talks about taking her daughter to the hospital and having her circumcised. She says her daughter never cried, and she herself had it done as a baby.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcJNAtn-c6Ifeature=youtu.be  This second link is about circumcision in Egypt, mostly of women. The women interviewed said they enjoy their circumcised bodies, will have it done to their daughters, and they go on to describe how safe it is since it's done by a doctor, how much healthier it is, and how much cleaner it is.   Now, for the record, I believe even this form of female circumcision should be illegal. It's body modification on a child. But what's striking how similar it is to how we view male circumcision in America.      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaqFHT8oOBo  Here's part of Nanny 911 - see if you can even get through 10 seconds of it!  This just astounds me. If my sister and I had acted like that I'm sure my dad would have killed one of us. And I always cringe when I see kids hitting their parents. I went through a hitting phase as a child, but I never hit an adult. I knew my dad would have had my hide.   They have to put emotion into everything.  For example, the word victim. It means you were the hurt or oppressed subject of a crime or other malicious activity. It's just a term. Recently I was told I'm not allowed to say rape victim anymore. I have to say target. Not sexual assault victim, it has to be sexual assault target.   But WTF's wrong with victim? It just means you were taken advantage of. And you were. Nothing is shameful about it, it's just a term. Soon they're going to decide target implies the person wasn't human, or something.   Some others: Dumb (it used to mean you couldn't talk, so it's offensive to people who can't talk) Retard (Can't even use it in its correct context now. Retard just means to slow down. You can't say "One pedal makes the car speed up, the other retards it) Broad (Yep, I had someone tell me it's offensive even if you mean wide or big, since it's also an offensive term for women)  How about we make these people so afraid of every English word they just stop talking?  EDIT: Can't believe I forgot to add my favorite one! Butthurt. A SRSer told me it's offensive to rape victims(targets?) because it implies rape. I said, "I always thought it meant you fall down and hurt your butt like a whiny little kid." They answered, "Well, some people say it means rape so you shouldn't use it." So now you can't say things because other people MIGHT think it means something else.      I didn't feel good one day, and decided it must be my empty stomach, so I ate some shredded beef jerky. I guess I was actually sick because I threw it up 15 mins later. It was oddly foamy and tasted so sour. I didn't eat beef jerky again for about a year.  What's your experience?   I live next to a family that is fucking huge. Two parents and three kids, all of them really large people. The oldest is probably 19 or 20, the next kid is 17 or so and the youngest is about 12.   I was about 11 when the youngest kid was born, and I remember her being a normal sized baby. Maybe on the large side, but nothing crazy. As the months passed, I noticed the baby getting way too big to be healthy. My parents said the same thing, but with her family being huge, what else was there to expect? By the time she was 4 years old she was too heavy to lift. This trend continued.   I remember the youngest (let's call her Sara) was always complaining that her legs hurt. Her mom said, "Everyone's legs hurt, you'll get used to it." This family is very "being-fat-isn't-unhealthy" despite the fact that the father and the oldest daughter are both diabetics because of their weight and the middle girl has breathing problems, also weight related. We live out in the country and there is quite a walk between our houses. I played with them when I was younger and I remember having to stop inbetween houses to they could catch their breath.   Well, a little bit ago their mother called my mother on the phone, upset, and told her this: Sara had fallen and broken one of her knees a few weeks ago. It was a slight fall, but her weight and the stress on it over the years broke the knee pretty easily. The doctor said she needed to stay off it at all costs. He didn't even want her walking on crutches because the recovery was going to be so slow and fickle. Her mom asked why she couldn't just use crutches, and he said frankly, it was her weight. She was too big to walk around on one leg without risking injury to it, and it was also too risky for her broken knee because of the stress put on it.   Well, they couldn't accept the news from the doctor that weight was actually having a negative impact on their daughter. When Sara got home they didn't take his warning seriously. They didn't believe weight would hurt her injury further, so they got her crutches and let her walk around.  Guess what's happened now? Sara started complaining of extreme pain in her knee. It was so bad one night they took her to the ER. Diagnosis? Bone death. Probably caused by the break not being allowed to rest and having to continuously bear a lot of weight. They're going to have to replace her entire knee.   Honestly, I believe child services should be called in these cases. You'll get your kids taken away if they're dangerously skinny, so why is being dangerously overweight okay?    SIDS - sudden infant death syndrome - is what they call it when an infant dies and there is no explanation. It's probably caused by babies falling into a deep sleep and not breathing. Despite many ways to lower the risk, thousands of babies still die from it every year in the USA alone.   What kind of shit is this?! Knowing me, if I had an infant I would be driven literally insane from the worry. At least I don't feel the need to check to see if my cat is breathing every 5 minutes.   I really don't mean for this to be a pro-suicide message. I was just wondering if anyone else ever felt this way. Most people see what they think as their eventual suicide in a negative light, but I've seen it positively for years, and want to know your thoughts.  In my view, my life is a trap. Doing a job I hate to support a life I don't want for years and years. I'm only 23, but I think my middle aged years would just be more of the same. The same old depression, sadness, and annoyance continuing for years and years until I finally die of old age. Well, knowing suicide is there helps me, sort of. I know I don't have to live that life if I don't want. I only have to live it as long as I can stand it then finally check out.  Again, I don't mean for this to be pro-suicide or anything of the sort. I've just never met anyone else with these same feelings and wonder if anyone is out there.   Here: http://i45.tinypic.com/ym8vt.jpg  I know you can't expect a toddler to behave, really. They can barely understand what you're saying and they tire easily. But this kid sounds miserable to be around, and the mother is at fault, IMO.   And they go to the zoo once a week? WTF? I rarely got to go to the zoo.   And she's proudly vaccine free? I wish I could send these idiots to the past so they can see the terrible things the diseases we don't have now because of vaccines did to people.         -Clothes. I will never spend more than $8 on a pair of pants or shirt. Goodwill has a lot of nice stuff for very cheap. It boggles my mind why people spend hundreds of dollars on clothes.  -DVDs. I can understand picking up a cheap copy of a movie somewhere, but do people still really buy $20 DVDs? Even with piracy easily achieved?  -Baby stuff. Again, Goodwill is great for this. I've never seen anything that looked dirty or heavily used in the baby section. I also saw a good crib for $20. A stroller that looked like it just came out of the box for $20. Even some clothes with the pricetags still on them originally costing $15 or $20. Goodwill's price? $2.50. If I ever have a baby, the nursery is going to be made up from Goodwill shit for under $100.   -Most things in a pet store. If you're getting a special item I can understand it, but why would you buy basic supplies at a pet store? You can get the same exact objects at Walmart for a third of the price. I got my rats a water bottle for $1.50 at Walmart. The exact same bottle was $4.50 at Petco.  -Books. Textbooks not included, since there is really no way around that. I can't believe people buy books at Barnes and Nobles at those prices. I buy my books online (in great shape, too, some even brand new) for half those prices, even if you include shipping.      http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/16xipk/moms_of_reddit_whats_something_about_pregnancy/  I do want to have a baby someday despite this horror, but I swear a gagged a few times reading this.    According to SRS's idea of privilege, the only people who can openly speak about anything without being invalidated by their race/sex/sexual orientation/etc are black transsexual gay women who are disabled. So these people are the lucky ones. They can say whatever they want without being told to check their privilege and shut down.   So whenever they begin talking, tell them to check their privilege privilege.      I mention tearing up at the lyric change "a man who only learned to love when you were in his keeping" during the finale, and my cousin scoffed at me. "But you don't like kids."  So that means I wouldn't see the importance of a man who hasn't seen any sort of love in 25 years adopting an abused child and finally finding some purpose in his life.            I'm not bothered by women who nurse in public as long as they don't make a spectacle of it, but I am annoyed at the "Look at my exposed tit while I suckle my child, aren't I a goddess!" women. Breastfeeding isn't that amazing. All mammals do it, and you aren't mother nature. I'm glad you've chose to nurse since it's the best an infant can eat, but someone isn't being unreasonable if they ask you to cover up a little in a restaurant.  I don't mind nursing done discreetly, but you don't need to have your entire boob out while you glare at strangers silently daring them to say something.   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2250785/I-locked-toddler-room-night-save-marriage.html  Really, the parenting problem began long before this. Why did the boy think it was okay to get up after his parents put him to bed? Even before I started kindergarten, I knew once I was put to bed, I wasn't allowed up unless I was going to the bathroom or getting a drink of water. And if I was doing that, it'd better be fast. And pounding on the door? I didn't dare pound on the door after being put in my room, I would have had my butt beaten.      I've worked three jobs so far. The first two in food service, and the current one in retail. I always hear about how rude and entitled teenagers are, but I've noticed the exact opposite. I'm actually happier to serve teenagers. They're a lot more patient, forgiving of mistakes, and treat me like a human being.  My least favorite customers are the elderly. They get mad at me if computers are slow, roll their eyes if I ask for ID, and I've even had a few flat out walk away while I was talking to them.         JROTC is a program the military has in high schools to teach about the military and promote signing up after high school.  4 days of the week is learning about the history and how the military is run, and one day is uniform day. Students are given a military uniform and graded according to how correctly they wear it.   Well, my cousin in ROTC told me that in October, instead if your uniform shirt you could wear one of those pink breast cancer awareness shirts and it counted as part of your uniform. Nothing wrong with that. But in November, male students wanted to be allowed to grow their beards for a month as part of Movember, the movement to gain awareness for male specific cancers. They were told no, that a beard isn't part of the uniform. Well, neither are pink shirts, but that was allowed.   But for some fun, let's answer how SRS would when told about this problem: BEARDS! YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT BEARDS WHEN 100% OF WOMEN IN THE MILITARY ARE RAPED EVERY DAY! *insert dildos and poop here* God, when will men learn no one cares about their beards when women are so oppressed that they're considered too weak to be in the military at all! Ever think of that? They probably just want to wear beards to scare the women who were raped by men with beards!   For one, I have severe depression and anxiety and it's a chore to talk to people for me. Not good for a retail worker, but who really works retail because they enjoy it? I have a running habit of getting complained on at work. The usual comments are "didn't smile" "didn't look at me" "didn't greet or thank me." I got two in the past two days. Now, I can be a bitch, yes, but not at work. *Hell, I don't speak back or even react to customers who are rude to me.* I just continue doing my thing. Right now I work behind a counter, and my comments are usually, "Hello. It comes to a total of $_______. Swipe your card here. Here's your things. Take care." And the best part is, these past two days I wasn't even in a bad mood. I was just kind of like: Yeah, another day, what's up? Even the bagboy behind me said he didn't notice me being rude.   One problem I think is that I don't smile very much. It's just never been something I've done. It doesn't feel natural and plus, I have weak teeth and don't like to show them.    Just a vent about how pointless my existence is.  I started going to nursing school in 2010. Luckily for me, my parents paid for it. Paid for the classes, my books, the gas to get there, everything. But less than 9 months later I had to drop out. It was because I was beginning to fail some classes (no matter how hard I tried, I could not get my test scores above 76%, and they were always frustratingly close, like 74), and the teacher said if I ever tried to enter any other nursing school with a record of failing out, they'd be less likely to take me, so it's better to have a "chose to drop it" on the record.   For the past two years I've been feeling pretty guilty about wasting my parents' money. I put my school books under the bed because I can't stand to look at them. What's more, I want to go back to college (not for nursing, don't want to go through that hell again), but knowing I'll probably fail and throw $10K down the tubes again, and this time be weighted down by student debt. And who's to say going to college will even lead to a job? It doesn't for so many people.  My situation is a *little* better than it was when I was last here. Instead of making $7.70 at Wendys I'm making $8 an hour in retail. I don't enjoy it, but it's certainly better than Wendys was. At least I don't spend my off time fantasizing about dying as much as I did there.   I was diagnosed with depression at age 11 and have been on Paxil since then; I'm 23 now. I feel like one of those people who will never really be an adult, since I haven't been able to move out and still live at home. And I feel like an ungrateful bitch for failing out of college by parents paid for, although it's been 2 years and I feel as bad for it as I did when it happened.   I'm 23 years old, and want a baby so bad I could cry. But I know I have no business with one since I have a crappy job and live with my parents. Still, I hope someday in the future that may chance and I will be able to be a mother.   Despite this, I support childfree people strongly. For one, children deserve a loving family, and they may not get that if they have parents who don't really want them. It's so stupid to pressure people into having children who don't want them. It's 18+ years that will be spent mainly on taking care of another person. Besides being expensive as fuck, we're talking about a child here. They need so much love and attention.   Another thing is overpopulation. There are 7 billion people on this planet, and growing daily. There is no need for people to breed like bunnies. Not really part of this topic, but I feel it's appropriate here, I think adopting should be easier. No, children shouldn't be given to just anybody, but it shouldn't cost $60K to adopt a kid, and we shouldn't be turning down wonderful potential adoptive parents because they were caught with a joint 10 years ago.   My last point: As someone who has worked crappy service jobs my whole life so far, I've some terrible kids that have made me almost reconsider wanting a kid someday. I've seen kids spit on, hit, and bite their parents and face no punishment, I've seen kids make hugh messes employees with have to clean up and their parents don't bat an eye. Now I work at an expensive store that sells exotic decorations, and parents even let their kids climb onto the shelves and knock items down that probably cost more than I make in a week. And the managers let them do it because they don't want to make customers feel like they can't come back. If I were in charge, I'd make parents pay for everything their kids ruined, AND ban them from the store.      Here are a few pics of my goats:  http://i49.tinypic.com/1671d13.jpg  http://i46.tinypic.com/242c10i.jpg  http://i49.tinypic.com/m8lor9.jpg  That's all I have by way of proof. I could send a mod my Facebook profile, which has more pics of goats in our yard, if you want.         I'm talking about suicide, of course. My mom says that  phrase all the damn time, and I just want to say, "Or it could be a permanent solution to a problem that never goes away and eats at you until you have to do something to end it."   They act like suicide is something people decide to do when they're behind on a couple bills, when they have a flat tire, when they're currently working a job they don't like. They don't understand that people choose this because they can't take the never-ending sadness and loneliness anymore. I know people do it for different reasons, but no one has decided, "Well, I loved life before, but I got this F on my report card, so I guess I'm checking out."  I'm just venting. We heard tonight that someone who lives nearby shot himself because his business was going under. It aggravated me that people ignored the other possible issues he may have been having and think he killed himself because he'd had to close his hardware store.   I don't see my life going anywhere. I still live at home, and Wendys is the best job I can get. Failing out of nursing school only made me realize how stupid I am and that I'm unlikely to ever progress beyond Wendys. I wasted thousands of dollars on nursing so I'm afraid to try to go back to college and waste even more money. And even if I did manage to get some degree, so what? People with degrees are working fast food jobs too. I'm exactly where they are now, except I'm not in terrible debt.   I know your 20s are confusing and you often bounce from job to job until you find one you're fit for, but I have co-workers in their 30s, 40s, and even 50s. I refuse to let that happen to me. How is that sort of life worth it? I don't want to leave my loved ones, but I cannot stand the thought of working at a minimum wage job my whole life, more miserable than ever, just to scrape by.   I'm only 23, so I guess anything could happen, but I doubt it. I just don't see the point of living a life with little happiness on the off chance something might get better. Oddly enough, knowing I won't be doing this into my middle age years is comforting, whether it's because I found something else or because I'm dead. Frankly, I'd rather be dead.  I've been on Paxil since I was 11 (I wanted to kill myself even back then), and it seemed to work in my early teen years, but even the higher dosages my doc put me on only takes the edge off. I guess we could try other medicines or other dosages, but what's the point? I would just be more miserable than I am now between now and the time we found the right medicine and dose, which could take who knows how long.   I just felt like venting tonight instead of just keeping it to myself. Thanks for reading.   Mine was a cystoscopy. I'm female. I have frequent unexplained UTIs that are still a mystery, but last year the doc sent me to a specialist for this. They pretty much stick [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Cystoscope-med-20050425.jpg) into your urethra and into your bladder. It's got a camera on it so they can see what's going on.  They did this with some lube, and that's it. No pain medication. The insertion was...something terrible. It hurt less once it was into the bladder, but it still hurt a lot and feeling it move around was just adding to the discomfort. Removal was another horror and peeing afterwards felt like I was pissing lava.   And yes, it's normal to not receive any anesthetics for this.  What are yours? I'm waiting to read!         For some reason, I can't stand to take a bath in narrow or small bathtubs. Something about sitting in one with my knees touching the sides just makes me shudder. I also can't stand the thought of laying in one without water. Even seeing other people do it makes me cringe.   I also can't take a bath with no bubble bath. Something about seeing the bottom of the tub while I'm in it bothers me.   I work at Wendys, and we're not supposed to void anything. That means if someone orders a single, and I enter it into the computer then they decide they don't want it, I have to void it, and this is one count against me. If my void percentage is up to a certain amount, I get written up. WTF? First of all, most voids aren't my fault. "I want a cheeseburger deluxe with extra pickles. Then a water. You know what, scratch the burger. I want a chicken sandwich." Ugh! Then the manager looks at the voids at the end of the day and says, "You lost us $25." How does this lose any money if the line hasn't even begun making the sandwich yet? Why do restaurants do this?    I'll start. My cousin told this joke:  Martha asked her mom, "Mommy, can I go outside and play with the boys?" "No, darling, they're too rough." Martha thought for a moment, and asked, "If I find a smooth one, can I play with him?"  My mom's friend thought it had something to do with pubic hair and said child abuse jokes weren't funny.   I work at Wendys. It was during lunch rush, and I owed someone $0.42 in change. I got out the $0.40, and started to unwrap a roll of pennies when my boss started yelling at me to be faster. She scolded me in front of the customers, and forgetting I still owed the man $0.02 I gave him his change and called the next customer. The next guy ordered for about 10 seconds when the last customer pops back over and puts the receipt in my face. "Young lady, this says my change is $0.42. You gave me $0.40." I had already closed the register, so we waited for the boss to bring the key so I could open the register again and give him his $0.02.   Honestly, he cut back in front of a very long line and held us up during lunch rush for $0.02. The next guy in line did not look happy.  Edit: Yes, I noticed the typo in the title.   Warning, this pic is a little gory. She's recovered and is totally well now, but we have no idea how she ended up like this. Does it look like a bite? An impalement? The vet couldn't tell.  http://img295.imageshack.us/img295/1060/others018bm5.jpg      I work in fast food, and this happened today.  A pair of young parents brought in 7 kids. The oldest might have been 10, the youngest looked to be only a couple months. While they ordered, they let the children run around and do as they please. Darting under the tables, making a bunch of noise, nearly knocking over other patrons, ect. I noticed while they were ordering they left the infant in a carrier way on the other side of the restaurant by himself.   I thought this was bad enough, but it was worse when they actually sat down to eat. The parents watched as three of the kids actually climbed up on the neighboring tables and jumped off, again and again. The oldest kid pushed out a chair and stood one of the toddlers in the window, which was about a good 4 feet off the ground. The kid pounded on the window and giggled madly.   When they left, I had chairs to put back, tables to push back together, handprints to clean off the window, footprints to clean off the tables, not to mention bits of food everywhere and drinks spilled all over the carpet. If I was the manager, I would have told them to leave long before they sat down.   This was in 2006. I was 17, and my aunt took me to the mall along with her 2-year-old son. She was going to get her eyebrows waxed, and asked me to keep an eye on Jakey (the kid, obviously) for her. We could go wherever we wanted, and she'd call me on my cell when she was finished.   Let me just say that I wasn't all that keen on watching Jakey. He was a spoiled brat, and since he never listened to his mom, I doubted he'd listen to me. He threw a tantrum like any toddler when he didn't get his way, but unlike most toddlers, his tantrums mostly got him what he wanted. He'd even been known to call his parents "bitch" and "asshole" without any consequences. But I agreed to take him, and we wandered over to the Disney section.   Another thing about Jakey, he loved escalators. His parents would ride them up and down with him again and again, and the Disney store was right next to the escalator. I was looking at the princess dresses (I've always been a Disney Princess fan) when Jakey started his "I want to ride the escalator!" fit. It started out as just whining, but he got louder and louder and began stamping his feet. People were looking over, but I was determined that unlike Jakey's parents, I would make him mind me.   I said, "We'll go up and down the escalator in a minute, but if you keep throwing a fit about it, we won't go at all." He threw himself to the floor, immediately screaming and hitting his fists and legs on the ground. I heard people mutter about teen parents, but I ignored them and tried to pull him up. He climbed away from me and dove under the clothing rack. Of course several shirts fell to the floor and I worked to put them back as quick as I could. I didn't realize I would lose track of Jakey so fast.   By the time I put the last article of clothing back, I had no idea where my cousin had gotten to. I was beginning to panic. What if I couldn't find him? What would my aunt say? My gaze shifted towards the escalators although I hadn't really thought of looking there. Jakey had been wearing a red shirt, I can remember that very clearly. I saw a woman heading up the escalator carrying a curly brown haired child with a red shirt.   I instantly sprinted out of the Disney store, shouting for her to stop. I knocked several people out of the way running to the escalator, but the woman thankfully didn't try to run or anything. When I reached her, she put Jakey down and said, "I'm sorry, I just saw a little kid alone on the escalator and was worried he'd get hurt on it. I was going to take him to customer service." I didn't say anything, I just grabbed Jakey's hand and dragged him all the way to the elevators once we reached the top floor. I had decided there was no way in hell I'd let him enjoy another escalator ride after what he'd done. Finally my aunt called, and I got to release Jakey back into her supervision.   I did tell her about the incident, but she just laughed it off. I don't think she realized how scared I'd been. Also, I'm sure the woman was telling the truth, I was just already so nervous kidnapping was the first thing that popped into my head. I know this isn't as scary as some stories, but it was a couple hours before I felt normal again.   Oh, and at age 8, Jakey is still a big a brat as ever.   My dad and I were watching The Shining when I was about 10, and the part where Wendy sees the guy in the dog suit blowing the old man came on. I asked what they were doing, and dad swore he didn't know.  Oh, and "Fluffy went to the farm" stories don't count, since we've all had those.   http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/x5y4u/on_obama_why_is_he_considered_a_black_guy_when_he/  First, it's true what the OP said. Obama is as much white as he is black. What's wrong with acknowledging this? It's just a fact. I myself have wondered why everyone says he's black when he's exactly the same amount white. I'd vote for him again regardless of his race, it's just something I've always wondered. They're claiming we're saying Obama's biracial because he *must* have some white in him to be successful! Yeah, sure. 0.o  Also, what's this about defining Obama's race for him? No one gets to decide what race they are. It's genetics. That's not something that is up to interpretation. You're whatever your genetics say.          And if you've been raped before, what would you do this time?  I probably wouldn't. I'd want to go to the ER to get tested for disease and such, but bothering with the police would be the last thing I would want to do. In fact, I probably wouldn't tell anyone.   (This is my sister's AMA on my account, since she isn't on Reddit)  http://i46.tinypic.com/21mhvn4.jpg  Info: Sat on a draft horse with no saddle or bridle, and fell off. Surgery was performed on Thursday, and she wasn't able to come home until Saturday. Pain meds were making her hallucinate and panic. She had a nerve block done before the operation, which she said was the worst pain she's ever felt, but the docs said it would have been worse without the nerve block. It will be about 6 months before she's able to walk without the help of a wheelchair or walker. Ask away.   I know it's been done, but I want to have trouble falling asleep tonight!      http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/uhfpx/im_still_waiting_for_reporters_to_follow_women/  The feeling I got from the quote was, "When we realize how creepy it is that men are following women into their locker rooms, maybe we'll also realize that it isn't right to allow the women to make the nude men feel uncomfortable, either." Maybe a little vengeful and sarcastic, but true.  But of course, SRS can't have that! You can't even joke about a woman's locker room and a reporter now, although *women actually are allowed into mens locker rooms.*   I am a cashier at Wendys. If you go through the drive-thru:  -Have your money ready. If you went through the screen right to the window, I can see not being ready, but if you waited in line, there is no damn excuse for not having your money out.  -Please understand that we're on a timer. If you take a long time to get to the window or take your time digging for change, I have people on my headset yelling at me because they think I'm holding you up or something. Having exact change or giving me change so you can get an even amount back is fine, but if you must dig through your purse or coin pouch to get it and I'm waiting on you, please just forget it and give me the nearest dollar so we can get you through and my boss will stop yelling at me through the headset.  -Please don't put your money in your mouth or lick your fingers before going through the bills. Would you want to handle money with spit on it?  -Please drive to the second window after you get your change as soon as you can. Again, if you sit there putting your money away, checking your make-up, putting everything back in your purse, my boss is on the headset telling me I'm taking too long.  -Please don't get upset if I don't laugh at your lame jokes or really return your small talk. I've been standing there for hours for minimum wage, or running between the window to the sink to do dishes between orders. I'm wet and miserable, especially if it's cold out and I can't close the window because you're talking. I will not be rude or pushy, but please understand I'm doing a job and my job is to get you through ASAP. If you sit there and try to joke with me, you're holding up the line, getting me into trouble.   If you get your food at the counter...  -Please speak up! People are talking behind me, in front of me, beside me, and there are also the sounds of cooking and pots and pans hitting surfaces. I can't hear your murmuring and whispering. I'm also partly deaf in one ear, so if I tilt my head towards you, speak into that side of my head.  -Go slowly. Fast food computers are shitty, and I often have to hit the buttons a couple times before your order is entered. While you're going on about your Frosty, I'm still on your burger trying to get your preferences entered in.  -Don't come up to the register without me calling you up. In the afternoons there are no runners, so I have to collect the food and put it on the tray myself before I can take another order. This makes me nervous, and the person waiting for their food is now pushed into the wall. Wait until I call for the next person.  -Be nice! Believe me, I want you to get your food quickly as much as you do so I can move on. If you say, "Excuse me, I think I ordered a large and you rang in a small," and you're polite, I'll probably fix it without charging you the difference. But if you push the other patrons aside and act like a smart ass, you can bet I will charge you the difference.  Any other tips, Redditors?   -If they start their post with "going to be buried, but..." It's so annoying. Annoying enough that I downvote your ass.  -Horrible spelling and grammar. I also downvote a comment if they're just replying to correct someone's spelling and grammar.   -Insulting someone. If you can't convey your thoughts without insulting people, DOWNVOTE!   However, I never downvote someone just because they offend me or I disagree with them.      For those who aren't familiar, the idea is that since a woman can 100% control when she's going to have kids by using condoms, the pill, abortion, etc men should have more options than just condoms. They can break, some men have reactions to the latex or the lube, whatever. A financial abortion would allow a man to tell a pregnant woman early on that he won't be around financially for the child, and she won't be able to go after him for child support. Of course, this would have to be done very early on, when she can still have an elective abortion if she decides. He wouldn't be able to tell his 7-month-along girlfriend that he's skipping town.   This does present some problems, one being that the child might be living in poverty if the mother keeps it and can't afford it (which no child should have to do). We also have to think about how difficult abortions can be for women. They're expensive, painful, and possibly emotionally wrecking. Also, for some women, abortions can be difficult to get, especially in red states.  I support FA in theory, but we have the above kinks to work out. I just think that if a woman has the total power to never have children even if birth control fails, so should a man. A child is a huge responsibility, and "parenthood by choice, not by chance" should apply to everyone, regardless of sex.    Any horror stories at all.  Today, I had someone come through the drive-thru with no pants on. She was a very big woman and I'm pretty sure I saw her labia.   http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/tijog/13_year_old_girl_dies_and_by_donating_her_organs/  Okay, anyone who donates organs should be admired, but there is some crazy shit going on here. I love how they're claiming it's because the girl is female, when the original comment said nothing at all about the donor's sex. Not to mention all the comments about the doctors being men. How do they know some of the docs weren't women?       http://ravallirepublic.com/news/state-and-regional/article_244325fd-723e-5739-9cb1-8f9c10f526bf.html  Come on Missoula, that's pathetic.   Some TMI details: I woke up at around 4 AM with severe cramping. I figured it was probably a miscarriage, as I had been experience some light bleeding for the past two days. I was almost 9 weeks in. But I had work that day and since I wasn't able to call in 12 hours ahead, I would need a doctor's excuse. I couldn't afford the copay to see a doctor, so I just decided to go in. It was very painful, but I took a Vicodin I had left over for my wisdom teeth and tried using a pad. The pad was full in about an hour, so I just decided to wear one of my grandpa's leftover Depends. (Yeah, weird, but what else was I going to do?)   I went in about three hours into my miscarriage. The Vicodin was helping, but it was still in pretty terrible pain. I think everyone knew I wasn't feeling good because they were really helpful, and I think even the costumers knew something was up because I was tipped extremely well.   The next day my mom lent me the money to see the doctor, and she gave me a doctor's excuse for that day. I was bleeding a lot less, but it was still nice to have a day off to rest. She did confirm it was a miscarriage, and it took a few days to completely pass.   Not sure how I would prove this, I didn't take a picture of my dead embryo or anything. But when I told my boss what happened when I went into work next, she was pretty shocked I came in in that condition, so maybe others would have questions?   http://loop21.com/life/marissa-alexander-stand-your-ground-against-black-people  The article is about the stand your ground law and the controversy surrounding it and Trayvon Martin's murder, but I'm posting it here as a gender issue.  What happened to Marissa here is something we usually attribute to men: She was in an abusive relationship, fired a gun into the ceiling to scare off her husband who she said threatened to kill her and began to charge her, and is now in jail because her husband claimed she tried shooting at him and his children(from another marriage).   I thought I'd post this because it's another case of the wrong person being arrested in a domestic abuse case, even if it's the woman in this case. I can see having her in custody for awhile since she supposedly fired a gun at someone, but why not her husband too? He has a history of domestic violence, and threatened murder.    My cat is 13-14 years old, and I've noticed for months she's been peeing on the carpet. I'm at the end of my rope. I've tried new litter, new litter boxes, even taken her to the vet to see if anything is wrong (nothing is). She uses the box sometimes, but I've seen her pee on the floor with my own eyes. I've tried to clean it up as best I can, but I think the carpet is ruined, it always smells again an hour after I've scrubbed it with urine neutralizer. As I've said, I'm about to lose it. I have no idea what else to do. Has anyone else's cat done this? I am going to replace the carpet, but it's sort of pointless if she's just going to keep doing it.   All my examples are strangers thinking our family needs assistance.  The first is me. I don't remember this, but I've heard my parents tell it. When I was about 5, I asked my mom for a PBJ sandwich, but she said no because it would fill me up and I wouldn't eat my dinner. So I simply went a few houses over and asked the neighbors working outside if I could have a sandwich. They made me one, but since they didn't know my family well, they followed me home to ask my mom if we had enough money for food.  The second time my sister was in 2nd grade, and told the teacher we didn't have anything to eat in the house. The truth was that my parents were on a health food kick and there wasn't anything she wanted to eat, so to her, we had no food. We got a call from the counselor asking if we needed help applying for food stamps.  The third example is about my cousin. In high school he refused to wear anything but these ratty worn out pair of boots. My aunt got a call from the teacher offering to buy him a new pair of shoes if they were going through a tough time.         Also, my account is now 27 hours old. Why is it still not letting me have a shop?      The Most Interesting Man in the World. It's never been funny. Ever.   http://hamptonroads.com/2009/10/military-men-are-silent-victims-sexual-assault  We were discussing the current controversy about women in the military and having to "expect" to be raped in the equality subreddit, and someone said it's a common hazing technique on both men and women, even though the spotlight has only been on the female victims. The link above claims 22,000 men were sexually assaulted compared to 14,000 women. If this is true, it's another example of only the women getting the attention and help when the men need it just as much. I thought it was interesting. Too bad not many people realize it.   A Clockwork Orange has been one of my favorites since I was 15. I love the original Picture of Dorian Gray from the 40s(and have since high school). I recently saw the original Doctor Zhivago, and loved it.   I hate the stereotype that teenagers and people in their 20s only like the shit rappers put out. A lot of us have better taste than that.   I've had this dream several times. I am in my grandparents' old house. It might be important to state that I miss this house very much. I felt more at home here than I did my own house, and I moved away when I was 11. Well, anyway, I am in the bathroom, and I plan to take a bath. But the bath tub is filthy, so I decide not to. I then go to the sink to brush my teeth, but the sink is disgusting too. At this point, my grandpa tries to come into the bathroom. I am naked or in a state of undress, so I try to stop him. The door is suddenly unlocked (it was locked before), so I have to push back against it. My grandma suffered from alzheimers for about 10 years before his death, so several times he'd try to come into the bathroom on you, not understanding why the door wouldn't open and why you wouldn't let him in, but he was never this bad while he lived in the house I was dreaming about.    I'd normally consider it to be just a weird dream, but I'd have it several times. It might also be worth mentioning that I am fickle about bath tubs. I will only bathe in a clean, familiar one. In places like hotels, I will only take showers.   Ever. He's nearly 23.  I thought this was something that happened to every guy. Any other guy ever been this lucky?      I just want to share this wonderful thing I saw on court TV(which I usually hate). First off, this man and woman came into court, both saying the other was guilty of domestic violence. Of course, the audience automatically sided with the woman, even though the woman had no proof he ever beat her. Lucky for the man, he had police reports proving the woman was arrested for domestic violence three times. Then the woman claimed he owed her thousands in child support. The man retorted, "No, I don't, and here's the proof." He had brought several receipts proving he didn't owe a dime. He also showed the judge a text the woman sent him, basically saying, "I'm never letting you see your kids, HAHAHAHA!" So the judge awarded him *several thousand dollars* for his mental suffering, since she had kept him from the kids for months. The man got everything he was there for, the woman was proven to be a lying bitch and by the end of the show, the audience was cheering for the judge's decision.  I hope the man realizes how lucky and smart he was to keep all that paperwork. Without it, there is no doubt the woman would have been believed.  It was Judge Joe Brown, or one of those.          I was put on Paxil 10mg at age 11. I felt better until about 19, I guess. I went to the doctor every 6 months for a med check. The doc always asked if it was still working, and I said yes until I was about 21 even though I had been feeling steadily worse for 2 years. I'm not sure why I waited so long to say anything, but I don't really like to talk about wishing I was dead to people, even people who are there to help. I just said it felt like it was slowing down, so I was moved to 30mg, then 40. I was taking that for a year and it really didn't feel any difference, but I didn't say anything and was on 40 for about a year. Then in October I found out I was pregnant, and since Paxil has a bad birth defect risk I was weaned off it and onto Buspar. I ended up miscarrying at about 6 weeks, but I'm still on the Buspar. Now ever since around the new year I've been feeling pretty crappy. I live out in the middle of nowhere (and continuing my lengthy job quest), and it takes a tank of gas to go anywhere, so I've really been unable to leave the house, which I'm sure isn't helping matters any. I'm wondering if the Buspar simply isn't as good as Paxil, or if it wouldn't matter in the first place since Paxil was losing its effectiveness. I know it's pretty stupid to not share much with the doctor besides, "Eh, I need more" but it takes so much energy, mostly emotional, to voice it to anyone. That's probably why I wouldn't get too far with a therapist either. It's not that I'm too private, it just takes so much out of me to discuss it.   This was mostly a rant, but I'd gladly hear from others who feel the same.   My entire childhood I remember my mom yelling at my dad for going right from the shower to the bed without drying off at all, and my boyfriend only dries his face off. Then he pulls on his clothes while still soaking wet. I cannot stand getting dressed if I am the least bit wet from the bath. And isn't getting your clothes on difficult if they keep sticking to you? Someone explain this to me.   I especially want to hear from males, since it seems fairly common in females.   http://babel.crackerboxpalace.com/pythons/G-yhellothar.jpg  Anyone see Monty Python's Life of Brian? For the scene where Graham Chapman opens the window naked, the director Terry Jones said, "We can tell you aren't Jewish mate," and they applied a rubber band to imitate the look. Not a very good job, IMO! Anyway, yep, nice foreskin.   As I'm nearly impossible to get to orgasm, I usually just go until I get tired. By then I'm too exhausted to do anything but lay there.   Females: Does you labia hang low or are they small?  Males: Does your foreskin hang past the glans? (Circumcised men N/A, obviously)  Females: Can you orgasm with vaginal stimulation only?  Males: How long does it take from the moment of climax for your erection to totally go away?    When I was about 10, my parents rented a room with one of those doors that lead into the next room if you unlock both doors. All night someone knocked on the other side. Both my parents were too freaked out to aggressively pound back on the door, and they were too nervous to even walk to the office and complain. I don't remember being that scared, but maybe there was more going on than what I can remember.  Whoever it was, they were dedicated. They knocked softly on that door for hours.   Everyone posts the tl;dr version of their story, and the ones with the most upvotes must tell the whole version.   I ate some sausage for breakfast, maybe it was undercooked.   I'm 22, and have no idea what I want to do in life. I was in nursing school but I realized although the pay would be good, I'd absolutely hate every second of it, and honestly, I'm squeamish. But I have always loved history. I was disappointed in my high school history classes because they were so very basic. My dad has a history degree, but he's never done anything with it, he delivers packages, but I've liked reading through his old school books over the years. If I invested a lot of time and money in this degree, could I do anything with it? I know you can teach, work in a museum, etc, but is it the same as other non-scientific degrees? Tons of people wanting 2 openings and the rest having to move on to something else? I know the classes would be wonderful education wise, but I really can't spend thousands of dollars on something that won't lead to a career. Thanks for your input!   Not sure how I would prove this, so I'll just include some curious details. My doctor doesn't know why this is happening. I've tried fiber. I'm anemic so I'm on iron tables. Iron tablets can cause constipation, so this is weird as well. I even had doctors notes for my teachers telling them to let me spend as much time in the bathroom as I might need. The "attacks" come on quite quickly and I can be in the bathroom from 10 minutes to half an hour. I might have a solid bowel movement once out of every 5 times I go to the bathroom. The rest is pure liquid. The doc suspected IBS, but nothing I was given worked to help it. It's made trying to work quite a challenge.      As the only loser that still plays Sims 1, sometimes I run into old Sim sites that have turned into a page selling insurance.   I never understood how a chemical imbalance in your brain could make you feel worthless or hopeless. I know evolution plays a part as well, what is that about?   The true answer is that the economy is crap and no one will hire me. It's difficult enough getting a damn interview. But I can't say that, what do I say instead?      I just ordered my Diva cup. I know it takes a bit of learning to properly use it, but do you have any tips? I also know I have to be careful what soap I use and how I should boil it after each period. How long should this cup last? Anything else?   [Monty Python's Graham Chapman(R) and his boyfriend, David Sherlock(L).] (http://pythonline.com/sites/pythonline.mashcast.com/files/imagecache/full_media/P4010142_0.JPG)   [Here is Graham during the filming of The Holy Grail. Beside him is his adopted son, John. John was a runaway. Yes, an openly gay man was able to adopt a young boy in the 70s. Isn't that awesome?] (http://pythonline.com/sites/pythonline.mashcast.com/files/imagecache/full_media/P4010132.JPG)   [Harvey Milk and his boyfriend, Scott Smith.] (http://www.amoeba.com/dynamic-images/blog/Sarah/harvey-scott.jpg)   [Not a big fan of Lindsay Lohan, but she and her girlfriend, Samantha are pretty cute] (http://www.firstclassfashionista.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/Lindsay-Lohan-Samantha-Ronson-Back-Together.jpg)   I've whispered to myself for years. It's usually the last few words of a sentence I've just said. For instance, I might tell my dad about something that happened during the day. Let's say my story ended with,"So then, he finally left!" For about thirty seconds, I'll whisper under my breath, "He finally left, he finally left," until something else catches my attention or someone brings up that I'm whispering to myself again. Sometimes if I think of something in my head, like, "Oh yeah, I have to feed the dog," I'll whisper, "Feed the dog, feed the dog," over and over without even realizing it. But sometimes, I will whisper things that I haven't even thought of. This morning, I was sitting while putting my shoes on and thinking about a movie I wanted to watch. My sister says, "You know, that's creepy." "What's creepy?" "You whispering over and over again that dad told you to let the dog out." The scary thing? Dad had said no such thing to me. He was still in bed. I wasn't even thinking of the dog. What's even more concerning is that it's happening more frequently. I'll whisper things no one said; things I'm not even thinking about. Maybe soon it'll be on the news that I've killed my family with a steak knife while maniacally repeating the lyrics to a song.   This isn't homework or anything, I'm just curious. I love history and all the explanations I can find are too wordy.    One of my aunt's friends. She says using a lot of water is wasteful, so she only showers once a week, and even then, she doesn't use any soap. She doesn't brush her teeth and only washes her clothes in water(after several wears). Anyway, she was telling us toilet paper is bad for the environment. She said she didn't use it unless she had diarrhea. She also never flushes the toilet unless there is poop.   [Broadway stars Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs] (http://ballerwives.com/2011/10/05/taye-diggs-%E2%80%9Cmy-mother-said-she-always-knew-i-was-going-to-marry-a-white-girl-video/) I always felt like Idina would be crazy in bed. [Monty Python's Graham Chapman and his boyfriend, David Sherlock.] (http://www.tumblr.com/photo/1280/2636553137/1/tumblr_lenmirEgZw1qarbga) Actually, I don't think David was all that attractive, but Graham was. I'd love to see his screwing anyone!   I'm only curious, since it's well known they're very bad for the vagina.   Remember, I'm 5, and have no idea why I should have an opinion on this, and why politicians do.   Also, when did the current calender we use come into use, year-wise? I know they didn't say, "Okay, Jesus is here, this is year one." Obviously that came later.    I understand you might cry if you need to get something out of your eye, but what purpose does crying when you're hurt or because you're sad serve?  Oh, I don't mean why do people cry, I mean why is that a response that's possible?      Just want to state that I'm one of the few women who supports this.                    	126
 We all have to go, and sometimes the place is inconvenient. When I was a kid, my father always taught me to cover the toilet seat with tissue paper while pooping in a public restroom. Therefore, I am taking a poll: do you cover the toilet seat when you poop in public restrooms or do you go with your bare bum?    For reference: I'm 6'0 and weigh about 195  1) Generally, I do like how I look. I have been called "handsome, hot, gorgeous, etc.".   2) Sadly, yes I tend to focus on my flaws which brings me to the next question  3) Man boobs. I have lost 40 pounds within the past year and a half. However, even at 11% body fat, I still have some remaining chest fat. They are my biggest insecurity.   4) I would rate my attention to appearance at 8/10  5) I am confident in my appearance at about 6/10   Definitely male affection including verbal and physical affection. Just because I hold one of my best friend's hands (who is a guy) and walk down the street does not mean I am a homosexual. This is one of the reason men suffer. We deserve to be appreciated and we deserve the freedom to appreciate our friends.    Stay Ready by Jhene Aiko and Kendrick Lamar   I understand what you are saying. Christianity is about a relationship with Christ, not religion. That's good to hear how you have found grace   This made me laugh, but I hope I can gain a better picture of God, too   Teach you what?   Nice man!   1) I hope to work for an engineering firm as a science writer.   2) I promised God I would never give up my faith, so yes.   3) My favorite bible story is definitely Job because of the raw honesty.   4) I'm a writing major.   Do you plan on keeping the faith?    Explain the situation where your faith was tested the most   When is the last time you had a sad cry?   How do you think your identity has changed? Who were you previously?   Sort of a small town, I guess I just have a popular family because everyone knows us   I am 23  I am religious  My dad was an associate minister for a few years, before he got his own church. My former church was bigger, but now this one is very small.   Since I have moved a few states away, I have not been expected to help out. When I was growing up, I was at church all of the time. I was very involved in helping out.    I'm glad someone understands   1) I like to get drunk so I hide that. I also hide my dating relationships in order to stop people I know from interfering with them. The second part of your question is more of the general feeling: "Oh, did you see wildwolf at the bar? I hear he slept with so and so. I am going to tell his parents"  2) My dad is a Baptist pastor. I am a Christian but I am in a dark spot when it comes to my faith.   3) I am 23. Once I finish grad school, I plan on getting a job and moving far away from the place I grew up   Baptist   1) The biggest thing I have hidden from my parents is that I have two mental illnesses and at one point, I was suicidal. My parents don't support me emotionally so I just have kept it to myself.   2) My father is extremely protective over my sister, especially with what she wears. It honestly makes me angry how conservative she is expected to dress.   3) I definitely can see the double standard when it comes to purity. Sadly, I think this double standard comes from the world view that any sort of impurity will taint a woman (which I extremely disagree with).   4) My parents are dictators in my household; you either do what they say or you can face some heavy consequences. Consequently, I tend to view God as an authoritarian which makes faith hard.   5) I had a turkey sandwich for lunch   If you could go back five years in time, what would you tell yourself?   What's going through your head right now?    My father is a pastor in area where everyone almost knows everyone. In order for me to maintain any privacy, I have to hide almost everything I do. Ask me anything    Thank you so much, I really appreciate it. You definitely have given me some encouragement   First of all, I would just like to say thank you for taking the time to read my story. Also, thank you for the kind words. I'm glad I am not the only one who has dealt with this. I have felt alone for so long and this is encouraging to hear. You did not offend me in any way. How is your OCD now? I am starting ERP tomorrow actually and I am quite nervous    American Baptist    I don't even want to say how bad my intrusive thoughts are about sex   That left me speechless   I can completely relate due to a similar childhood. I definitely wish more people understood this.    I definitely have the morality obsessions. Mine just started with the religious ones.    Hopefully, he will thank you later   I understand how you feel. However, this is why you should not view someone as a solution to any problem. Although I do not believe in happiness, C.S. Lewis, one of my favorite authors, brings a great point in this statement: "Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose". I also have depression, so I understand how tempting this can be. On the contrary, another person will never be able to "fix" you; you have to "fix" yourself.    Thanks for reading my story. I appreciate the words   Guy Berryman of Coldplay. It's unfair for someone to be that damn good looking. Even Chris Martin and the other members of Coldplay agree   I completely understand this point of view. However, for me, I fear the risk of believing I could possibly overcome OCD. I have spent so much time hoping my OCD would get better but after awhile my hope died. If I hope again, I take the risk of being hurt again.    *Warning: Wall of text post here, but this is my story   I think a part of me died about six years ago. I could not tell you what happened in January 2009 that caused me to start hearing what I thought were voices in my head. I do remember the hours I would spend obsessing over what these voices said to me. I do remember the pain I felt when I butchered one of my ritualistic phrases and said that I “worship the devil” on accident. I do remember how I begged God and pleaded for Him to have mercy on my soul. The only thing I wanted was my sanity.   --------  The voices did not stop. After awhile, the hope that was alive inside my body died. There was no place for me to confide. My parents emotionally abandoned me as a child. I always knew they were there for me when I needed to be controlled. If I ever forgot the rules, I knew they would remind me. As far as dealing with the wounds that life gave me, I was on my own. I stood alone. I stood in silence. I stood as a seventeen year-old boy who thought he was schizophrenic. I knew those voices were after me. I knew those demons were trying to kill my soul. I started waking up in the middle of the night because I needed to complete my rituals; I needed to defend myself from those voices. There were nights when I would toss and turn in my bed, begging for peace. I felt as if my soul was on fire. I was screaming through the flames and there was no one there to rescue me. There was no place for me to run. There was no way to escape my mind.   ------  There was also no one for me to confess. There was no comfort for me. Here I was, left in this wilderness alone. I knew time was coming to an end, soon. I believed Jesus was coming back soon. It could be any day now. I did not understand why I had to lose my sanity and my salvation, this close to the end of the world. I tried to do everything right: follow all of the rules, go to Sunday school, love my neighbor, all of the Christian mannerisms. I did not know why God was mad at me, but I knew He was done with me. I accepted this as my hell bound fate and continued to wander the wilderness.   --------  After four years of hiding in shame and suffering, I finally came out and told one of my close friends I thought I was schizophrenic. He encouraged me to go to the school counseling office at my university. I learned a significant amount about my past during that time, however, I did not admit the “voices” I was hearing. After I started to lose my sanity more and my symptoms became harder to hide, I decided to see a cognitive behavioral therapist. I was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and Depression.   ---------  When most people think of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, they often depict the man who cannot leave his house until he touches his doorknob three times. Some of my most common obsessions include contamination, doubting, and checking. The following are examples of my thoughts: “I left the door unlocked and someone is going to break into my house and steal my valuables. Did I turn the iron off? I left the iron on and now my house is going to burn down. Did I run over someone while I was driving? I hope this person burns in Hell” I could list many other disturbing thoughts, but I am often ashamed to admit these thoughts. Initially, I thought these were the demonic voices I was hearing. These violent, twisted thoughts were extremely contradictory to my normal thought pattern. I knew the thoughts could not belong to me. As I began to learn about OCD, I knew it was the disease that plagued my life. My OCD began with scrupulosity and has manifested into many forms of OCD. No one understands OCD’s toll on life quality: all I wanted was peace, however, reality became hell. I feel damned.   ---------  After all of the things that have changed in my life, nothing was the same. I have lost a part of me in this wilderness: hope. I have stopped hoping for things to get better. I have stopped hoping for my prayers to be answered. I stopped asking God to heal me from this disease. I stopped asking God to take me back. I was forced to grow up in this wilderness. I emerged as a new man and I don’t know if I will ever reclaim my previous sense of self. I cannot allow myself to hope again; hope hurts too much.   Ahh, you think darkness is your ally? I was born in it, molded by it. I didn’t see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but blinding.    --The Dark Knight Rises    I have been on Luvox for about 4 months. I will say it has definitely decreased the amount of time I spend on my compulsions. However, I also have depression; I cannot decipher if my depression is simply getting worse or if the Luvox is increasing my depression.    Hell no. If I have to chase a girl, that means she is running away from me. I would want a girl that is moving towards me    This is an issue I have faced with my girlfriend. For her, she felt as if she was not doing anything for me; all she was doing was being there for me. I noticed she felt as if she lacked purpose which did not make things worthwhile. However, I was content with her just being a shoulder for support; that was her purpose for me. I think the issue is differentiating between how you perceive reality versus reality itself. OP, do you feel as if he does not need you?    Nothing against people who go to strip clubs, but I would just feel really guilty. I also don't see the value because it's not like you are going there to get laid.    I used to be fat but I lost 40+ pounds, however, now I have big nipples   I don't think it's shameful to cry, however, I was raised the same way. I have the exact same issue you have. I haven't cried in six years. I think the only way it would happen is if I was hypnotized.    Ahh that makes sense. I wish people understood that mental illness is not any different than any other types of interest. I'm on Luvox right now and although it has not decreased my OCD, I have gained more time from spending it on compulsions. I also have Depression (I am unsure as to why, but I think I have an idea) which makes my OCD worse because I do not have as much energy to fight it. I have not heard of Welbutrin, but side effects for SSRIs are horrible. However, if I was not on any medications I would lose it.    I completely understand where you are coming from. Suicide was an exit plan for me. I decided I needed to do the best thing for my sanity; it's not that I wanted to do it, but I needed peace. However, religious beliefs definitely can influence choices. My counsellor basically talked me out of it, saying we could ERP and I could take medicine. What medicine are you taking? Are you open about your OCD or do you only tell select people? Any advice for telling my family?    It's been about 6 years for me. At first, I thought I had schizophrenia; it was very debilitating. And it sucks because I come from a rough family life so they have no idea I have OCD. I do know of worse cases, but mine was to the point where I thought suicide might have been better than life with OCD   If people only knew how hard every day is when you have OCD. How long have you been dealing with OCD and or Depression?   As an ISTJ, I have noticed I am very unemotional in my sexual experiences. Probably because I am more concerned with fulfilling my "duty" which is really important to the ISTJ   I lost my ability to cry. I haven't cried in almost six years. Sometimes, I wish I could but I physically cannot; I guess this is the other side of the coin.    I have attachment issues, therefore, it is easier for me to share my secrets with random strangers because there is nothing lost. I don't if I will allow someone to completely know everything about me. I hide myself from most people.    Almost six years ago, when my ex girlfriend was bullying me.    Yellow    You can definitely develop a comorbid depression; i have both.    I have not attempted but I have dealt with suicide ideation for the past year. However, my therapist talked me out of it. I know how you feel. I have had OCD for almost six years and it is definitely the worst thing that has happened to me.    I was raised to be your stereotypical boy. As a child, my emotions were invalidated: I was not allowed to cry, show emotion, or be vulnerable. Now, as a 23/m, I have significant difficulty with dealing with anything emotional. I can talk to you about almost anything, however, I start stuttering when I am forced to talk about my feelings. I can be empathetic towards other people, however, I am not great with expressing sympathy.    I thought I would never get over my first love after two and half years of being with your first love. However, you will reach a point in time when you don't think about your first love as often. As time progresses, you will learn why you two were not meant to be. You won't be able to forget them by simply moving on to other partners. Time heals.    This is poetry.    Grad School.    I definitely would say Amsterdam, based on some of these lyrics:  "Stood on the edge, tied to the noose You came along and you cut me loose"  Also "And I know I'm dead on the surface, but I am screaming underneath".  Either way, the song is still beautiful; definitely one of my favorites from them.  	54
 Hadn't heard the word anhedonia until you mentioned it, seems fitting. I do genuinely try new things all the time but I just can't find a single thing I'm good at. I want something I can do when I'm bored or stressed or need to unwind.  Can't go back to therapy, it's too expensive. It was great but I felt like I was paying money to talk to a wall. My therapist never gave me feedback.   So happy for you, that's great! I really want something like that to come along for me  	2
 SpaceX. A company like that doesn't worry about quarterly earnings so much as it cares about the bigger picture for humanity. That outlook alone, acting as the primary drive for legislation, can do wonders.    Another small factor to this might be the fact that air traffic might be difficult to handle if flying cars become as popular and affordable as cars today, or even half a decade ago. Safety is a huge issue when it comes to taking off and landing, too. All of it requires some form of floating stoplights and markers for roads, or planned schedules of who's going where, and by which route.  Also, flying cars probably might be invented someday, but its lack of practicality will probably not make them frequently produced and used.  	2
             If you really knew me, you'd think I look really stupid. I'm actually very shy and only show my wacky, crazy, loopy, Hopsin(Ill Mind 4), energetic side around people i know well, and the internet is my second home sooooo yea      **All The Crazy Things That Happened to PG or PG did**  * Was in the MVP Race * Dating Doc River's daughter * Supposedly impregnated Callie Rivers(Doc's daughter) * Impregnated stripper, Daniela Rajic. * That 360 WINDMILL DUNK!!! * Supposedly had sex with Roy Hibbert's wife/fiancée * Became Instagram/Twitter's most popular fisherman(imo) * Lost his mentor(Danny Granger), to a trade. * Struggled a bit (in last 2 months/playoffs) not as bad as Roy * Verbal fight with Wizard's Fans * The Concussion * Set offseason goal to get more physical: "No More McDonalds" * Suffered compound fracture in right leg. (tibia, fibula) * Buys a Ferrari * Announces number change to 13, imminent on return. * Officially changes social media usernames to YGTRECE * Does Ice Bucket Challenge * Calls out fake instagram account of himself. * Make Ray Rice comments * Apologizes  Did i Miss any??? **Comment What I Missed Below**  **EDIT:**(what i missed, thanks for the comments)  * Catfished by gay guy * Got Robbed  * Made USA team * Carried team to Conf. Finals despite team struggles * 3rd most in allstar votes   nice :D   Pekovic isn't a great defensive player either.      U got Kik?   At the end of the day Salmons, Stiemsma, heck even Kwame Brown and Smush Parker all of them  Andrea Bargnani.   And what if Bennett plays to full potential, you could have Brewer, Martin, Thad-Young, and maybe trade Pekovic and Barea for a good backup Center or PG.   Unfortunately, The Knicks and Kings have a much better chance of getting Rondo, if we trade anyone, we're done. Let's see how Hibbert and West lead the team this year. Maybe Stuckey can put up big numbers, his stats when he got starter minutes were just slightly worse than D-Wade this season. Let's hope Solomon Hill is a decent player. Lastly, let's hope Solomon Hill doesn't become the most improved player and Larry Bird does something stupid like trade PG, like they did with Granger, and let's hope they don't trade Hibbert for Monroe, cuz Monroe is only gonna demand a huge contract or leave in free agency.   Don't get too fancy, I would recommend at most, a free throw line finger roll, to look like you're gliding. Jump from as far as you can.   I love Singleton, but I feel like Dahntay Jones, Jordan Crawford, or Ronnie Brewer would've been better.      idk if firstrowsports.eu has fiba, but u can try   Another thing i forgot to add, is If i make another Cavaliers Mix in the future.  What would like to see? 1. LeBron  2. Love  3. Irving 4. All 3? 5. Waiters 6. Other (comment suggestion)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAYtyt_811U   thanks for your sympathy... ...but i thought Joel Embiid was coming back later this season??   :) i made it, glad u enjoyed it, im a pacers fan, but i cant wait to see what he can do.    we should waive Rasual Butler or Donald Sloan   i really want to see some better players :(   I'm thinking since we didn't get Shawn Marion (the next juwan howard, riding the bench for rings)  Maybe Dahntay Jones, Ronnie Brewer??  or should we go for more offense?      but people could troll youtubers who upload things to their second channels.   it looks like this for me http://prntscr.com/4hld2c      I'm really late, but I'm really nice:  Enjoy(even tho it's a fake pic):http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-9kPCkTpAsOE/UcBS6cwWMBI/AAAAAAAAAKU/lB9OfpMu-C4/s1600/191746700_Selena_Gomez_The_Big_OMG_fini_Swimtrun_123_357lo.jpg         Hi, I don't know if people are still looking at this. But....without further ado..  My name is Tim, I posted gaming videos, sometimes Chatroulette trolling, and occasionally a tutorial.   I do have a capture card for PS3 gaming, but I need to buy HDMI Cables and PS3 HD/AV Component cables  I'm only 15, and I've had a YouTube account since I was 9 lol, but this channel isn't the one from 2007, I made this to start a new chapter in life.  I struggle with depression and anxiety like many teens but I'm also very socially awkward so YouTube is my way to escape from reality, somewhat.  I don't really like posting just gameplay, I like to discuss thing, I'm just not a vLog person so, I commentate over gameplay.  I hope you enjoy my content and subscribe. Remember it's not an obligation, only subscribe if you like it.  www.youtube.com/user/MrEXGamingTV   Lol Nintendo is like Nokia...#unbreakable   Have you ever thought of embracing the fact that you made a mistake. For instance, I once did something on instagram that made me look gay in front of most of my friends, but I eventually embraced it, if I accidentally did something "homo" I'd just say "oh well I guess I'm gay" and people would laugh. Soon everyone forgot.   	34
 I'm pretty sure the definition is "It's not slander if it's true" - if it wasn't true that they were doing this, they could always do like other developers have done and come to the subreddit to make some explanation, like the games that had just recently gone out of early access entirely coincidentally - if they've got no excuse and they're just trying to cover it up by falsely flagging the video then you'd assume they are doing something underhanded here.  	1
 What's your best natural beauty   That amazing thing that makes your hair super soft   That perfect thing in your cupboard that makes your skin really hydrated   The amazing secret that's better than any face wash   Etc   My skin is really sensitive and my hair seems dry no matter what I do. So I thought maybe some natural treatments might work better.    I'm looking for a new foundation. I currently use the Elizabeth Arden plump perfect foundation and although it's good, my skin seems to have changed and now it just sits on my skin.   I'm looking for a full cvs rage foundation that won't dry my skin out too much.   Any help would be greatly appreciated    One of the most genius things he's said is 'I'd usually recommend the pill for irregular periods, but trying to conceive you don't want that do you?' And then he actually waited for an answer.    But that's it, I haven't had a period this month, it was two days early and it's just been spitting for 6 days now. Pink discharge that's sometimes brown.    Oops! I didn't think it posted. Stupid phone.   He finally agreed to tests lady month but left it too late to tell us that the blood tests had to be taken a week before my period. So we had to wait another month.  We got the results and we didn't know what they meant so made an appointment.  When we asked he said the test was 'fine' I asked what that meant and he said 'it means they were fine' I told him I didn't know what that meant and that the test was to see if I was ovulating, because any tests I've done the second line is never as dark as the control line.  He said 'it probably means you are' and that was all the explanation we got.  We urged him to refer us or send us for further tests because something is clearly up, especially with my periods being so irregular now. He just kept saying everything was fine and we were young and had plenty of time so there was no rush.   When we left the receptionist asked if I was okay and I broke down, told her everything .  She has booked me in with a female doctor and told me I should never have been told two years because all doctors advise a year.   I'm so upset, I've spent two years feeling broken and devastated. Feeling alone even when my partner tried to comfort me or reassure me.  Counting down the day in the month to ovulation and then waiting for my period. Doing test after test and willing a second line to appear.   I'm still spotting, have been for 6 days. Extremely light pink discharge and still no real period.    We finally got him to agree to blood tests last month but he informed us to late that they had to be done a week before your period.  So we waited another month, when we got them back we didn't understand what that meant so we made an appointment. When we asked he said 'the tests came back fine' I asked what that meant and he said 'it means fine' I told him I didn't understand what that meant and did it mean I was ovulating, because whenever I've done ovulation tests the second line is never as dark as the control line. He said 'it probably means you're ovulating' and that was as much of an explanation we got.  I urged him that clearly we needed more tests and that my periods were now irregular and painful, he just said that everything seemed fine and we were young so there was no rush.   When we went out into reception the receptionist asked if I was okay and I cried and told her everything, she has booked me in with a female doctor and told me that we should never have been told two years. That a year is always what is advised for further tests etc.   I'm so upset, every month I take a day off work for when I get my period because I can't handle how depressed I feel once I get it, and I always expect to get it now. I feel broken and my doctor won't listen to me.    I wank a lot, when i'm bored or tired or can't sleep or because i'm horny or because i've done it once and i wanna see how quick i can do it again. Plus sometimes it's nice to check out what's going on, ya know.   If me and my boyfriend switched he would think 'well she wanks a lot when i'm not around' 'she looks at her boobs and vagina a lot' 'she poops WAY more than she makes out' and finally 'holy shit period pains are the worst thing in the whole world ever'   I don't have much in there at the moment, but here you go :) http://open.spotify.com/user/116416446/playlist/6i7Xy5eLVdCyPucurXKIlG   That's quite a bit for me to get on with! thanks so much :D   Just after some epic sounding post rock to update my playlist        	14
 I think it's disgusting, I do not want people to have it, but then I do not rule the world so who am I to talk. It were to become reality though, I'd still be against it. But it's still an opinion and you can only do so much with an opinion.    Oh ok I didn't understand that last part. But yeah I agree. Cartoon porn with Lisa Simpson is disgusting. If you're familiar with video games, there was a cartoon porn feature Ellie from The Last of Us, having sex with Joel. Yeah. Ruined the entire game for me. It's just wrong and sick.   Sorry I was literally writing those while holding a baby and I couldn't believe that someone who want children to be sexualized whether fiction or reality. I still can't but. Yeah. I shouldn't want to force you to change your opinions.    Ok you're right on that one. I am trying to change your opinion. This is bad. But you are doing it too. Opinions can't be bad if they're opinions, and if they're good, they're facts.   And I have no idea what you just said.    I can't wait to experience that myself.    IT'S NOT AN ARGUMENT ABOUT ANYTHING, I AM EXPRESSING AN OPINION. HOW I FEEL AND SEE THINGS. GOODNESS.   And yo Hentai is not illegal anywhere and we've all watched it. Please. You're just making a thing I said about children all twisted so it fits your initial argument. I think, like many people, children should no be represented in such environments. Point blank. Simple.   I do not approve of 25% of anime, no. It's perverted   And I don't know what happened in Batman. In what way was this represented? Was the kid shot like you would shoot a deer while hunting? Probably not. So it's something else. I specifically chose GTA V as an example because you can shoot anyone you wish, for no reason. And there are no kids in this game. Wonder why?   It's just an opinion. Kids should not be presented in perverted situations. If you think otherwise, I don't understand you. Maybe you care less about children than I do. You wouldn't want a 3D porn star based on how you look and act? Right?    Yes, like I said before, I read too fast. However, I still believe that there is a lot of hypocrisy when dealing with Islam since it's not like they're the single worst thing on Earth. What Muslim preaches is being preached everywhere else. Thinking otherwise would be foolish. Yet people rather talk about Islam.   "Most" people do, and those who don't are in prison? In what country you live in? Please help me get my citizenship.   And my point was that CHILDREN should not be represented in situations where there is senseless violence, sexual behaviours and other form of abuse. The innocent should remain innocent, and not involved in such 'entertaining' indecent things. Even if it's fiction.    But violence is still represented! People are still seeing it! You think all humans think "Oh. It's fake. SHouldn't happen in real life" when they see a movie, game, book, etc. about something that is inherently bad? You think so?    Ok then. Violence in video games is not violence since it's not real then.    A quick google search will give you answers. Lately, the problem has been to educate people on the differences between abuse and BDSM because people do not know when to stop.   And you are missing my point here. I'm not talking about banning the sexual orientation or whatever. I am not talking about banning violent things because there are sick people out there. I am talking about not involving children in any type of sexual environment (not quite the word I want). That is all. They're kids, for christ's sake.   Kind of like how in GTA V there are no kids. Because you shouldn't involve kids in such things. Because they're ... kids!    If you are speaking of a matter you did not study, I don't even understand why you're getting all pumped up about it. Geez. Congratulations you turned out bad, but that means nothing.    What if you don't have the money?    But opinions mean nothing when there are facts. All you need is a basic psychology class and you'll know the facts and how the human brain, especially at that age, works.  Again, bad =/= everyone will be negatively affected. Abuse is bad. Not every abused person is having a terrible life.    Your example, BDSM. Some people see it, get a girl, abuse the crap out of her and call it a day. Because BDSM is legal.  Same with computer generated porn for pedophiles. Sick people will see this, think it's okay since they have a legal alternative.   Anyway do not sexualize children at all. It's just not right. Which is unfortunately the 'problem' with pedophilia.    It does give this false impression that it's okay though. Sick people are everywhere and if they want something, they will have it.   I don't think it's quite the same, because I do think spanking is inherently bad. Something can be bad yet never really affect you personally. It does not make it good.   The thing with this debate is that you will find both sides. Kind of like if you google whether vaccines gives autism, you will find thousands of pages 'scientifically proving' it does. However, if you take parenting classes from accredited psychologists (like I did, which is my source), they will talk about punishment and how it affects children. It's not rocket science though.    Goodness. I said this in High School (16-17 year olds in my class at the time), and I was looked down on for many days. People don't differentiate pedophaelia the sexual orientation and the action fo raping children. I even said that homophobia used to be the pedophaelia of today. It was a crime, seen as a sickness ... etc.  However, no CGI porn. No. Still children. Never use the image of children in porn or other sexual environment, whether it's a doll, a drawing, or a real person. It will lead to the sexualization of children, sick people will get their hands on it, children will be abused even more ... no. Terrible idea.    Because the person went on a year-long field trip to visit every Black human being on Earth, invite them to dinner, ask them to pay and see if they tipped?    It's not because individuals are fine after a relativity bad experience that everyone should go through it. Some rape victims are turn out normal, some victims of physical assault, people getting shit multiple times ... Some survive and lead normal lives.    That second half of your comment is true, but there are facts out there proving that other methods are way more effective than spanking, and that spanking can lead children to negative behaviour as adults. Other methods just require more work, and people are lazy. Anyway people seldom put time into parenting their own children anymore ...   Not saying there are no valid reasons to dislike Islam, I am saying most people disliking Christmas only knows was sensationalist media says about it. Not Islam is not bad because others are bad, I'm saying it's dumb to always point at one when everyone is at fault, as if it's impossible to blame more than one grow of persons. A pet-peeve of mine.    I read too fast, sorry. However, I met say that this hate towards Islam is irrational and 100% driven by the media because that's all the general population knows about. I'm not saying that was you said is false, however Muslim is not the only religion with extreme view points and fanatics.    My bad. Yeah I read too fast I think.    But Christmas has stopped being a religious holiday though. Some Muslims and Jewish (among others) people exchange gifts with family and friends around that time, which is what Christmas is about now. Heck,  some Christians only care about that part, too, or go to church by tradition and not really because they care.   Maybe because technically, it's not a new addition? The child was considered family long ago so they're not a "new' addition. : )   You get downvoted because you are grouping extremists and decent people in one group. Extremists are a minority, but they speak the loudest. It's like saying Americans are the number one problem about our modern world. Not really, they're just the loudest.    You get heavily downvoted especially if you call it lazy parenting. It's like everyone feel personally insulted, or part of them knows it may be true.    The same maybe in terms of taking days off (not really because you shouldn't just stop having your kid as a priority and as the president, you would have to). However, the public would be so unforgiving, which could make it difficult.   "The Interview" is a hot topic, and it's annoying. Dumb people are getting into this bandwagon probably because it's such a popular topic right now. I'm against it, for many reasons I've said so many times, it's discouraging to even have to say it. To know that people don't see the problem is quite depressing. Anyway.   Even my College, from Montreal Canada (full of kids 17-21) is into it and one of their pages has promoted an event happening in my city where they would attempt to screen the movie.   They blocked me for expressing my opinion. On a post advocating freedom of expression.   So much for freedom of expression. I give up.   Update: I thought the guy behind the event would be nice enough to ask me why they're censoring people against said event ... my comment got deleted.    My thoughts exactly. People are all over this dumb movie who will probably poke fun of the most miserable human beings on Earth. North Koreans and foreign prisoners are still being executed, and maybe this movie will prompt more executions. Kim Jong-Un is already the most paranoid fucker on Earth, killing anyone he thinks is against him or whatever. If he can't take out the big guy, he'll take out the individuals as he wishes since he can. Oh but because it's not happening on American soil, it's all good though. We get to have our movie from Seth Rogen oh my god comedy genius! Not only America won, freedom won! We did it! Freedom of speech, liberty, CIA is raping people but that's not what this is about... WE.DID.IT.   If you wanna go there, we're all from Africa.   Most black people I've seen in American TV are portrayed as sassy fat secretaries who make people laugh all the time though.    You fail to understand that it's not because the Grand Jury and the general public have access to the same information that said information is the cold hard truth. Judges are not Gods. They are humans presented with evidences made by humans, some false, some true. They do not know more than you and I do. Their job is not really to find the truth since it's impossible, their job is to take what they have and guess what happened, to punish accordingly. It is why sometimes murderers can get away with murder: if there is no evidence (even if everyone knows in their guts he did it), the judge cannot put the guy in prison.  No one knows shit. We were not here. Only witnesses, Wilson and Brown know what you truly. So stop speculating, and stop using this situation to be racist.    I am not discrediting /u/ObviousAssassin. Everything he said is the truth. However, most of us do not live in a world where are biological predispositions matter. So it's very irrelevant to modern humans, except when it comes to competitive sports.    There are women in battle right now I don't think I understand your point.    The thing with some white people though is that they don't stop at the critic. They want to test their limits and see how offensive they can get without getting in trouble. If it's rational, backed up with facts and all, it's cool. But then when you have half the population acting like ten-year-old who just used a curse word, then no. Don't talk.    People don't really care. Maybe your family will because they feel like that's their job and responsibility (so it's not as genuine as we'd want it to be), same for your friends, but people do not care. This is why "How are you?" is said out of politeness in many nations, and not because the person actually cares. Do talk to people though, because yeah you'll get insane if you don't. But don't expect them to be there for you at all times because chances are you're not a priority.    Many people here missed the word "best" in the question. They just think of the most socially unacceptable thing, turn it into an "advice", and wait for upvotes.    Men whine. And when they do, they never shut up.    Fun fact! Our ancestors started living together as 'couples' because they knew that by 'being a family' they would not have to share food with the rest of the tribe!   It's human to be selfish. That's how we've survived for so long.    I like how you're talking about tribes when this does not apply to most of the world anymore. Those physical differences in men and woman are only relevant in sports now.    What men say they want versus what they actually want is often very different, especially in younger and more immature women.  Unless it's sex. That's all men know they want.    Exactly. So many people, even people online, are using this even to either spew hate, cause trouble or just to feel "cool and anarchist". It's really sad and annoying.    Can you stop with this Hollywood bullshit? Is this all Americans have on their TV? Do people know there are informative documentaries out there you can use as sources to form an opinion? Has that ever occurred to you there is information out there one can look for, and you can even look for them! I thought your country's pride was the well-trained individuals you have in the army and such. But you don't even know what they are capable of doing. What a shame.    Great! Thanks for the link!    Psst. Get out your mom's basement once in a while. You'll see the world is different when you look at it with your own eyes.    Except no one is willing to do that. It costs too much money and no government would give money just to be nice. It would be considered a waste. So unless people are willing to donate or have their taxes go up, nothing will happen. Because I swear, you go in those countries and you know women want birth control. They are tired of having children, being raped by their men (but what can they do about that? that's another unfortunate reality), and then being left alone with three crying kids.   That's a childish way of reacting, honestly. I could write the name of about half a million Middle Eastern kids, too. What would be my point? Some cases don't get news attention. It has nothing to do with race, it has an awful lot to do with sensationalism and the fact that there are millions of people dying unjustifiably yearly. Get over it.    Never, because I won't put myself in a situation I can't handle, and two, I do not have the proper training for that!! I was not born bough like 99% of people, therefore if I wanted to be bough and take down bears, I would train! Not saying I would become invincible, but I wouldn't take my gun out because someone slightly bigger than me is "threatening me". But I'm an average person, not a police officer. I mean, being able to respond to emergencies like this is not my job.    If you don't know what physical training can do, you're missing out on so much about life. Also, last time I checked, police officers don't just have a gun. So he could have used other weapons to immobilize him too. I don't see why you're making this so much more complicated than it is. The gun should have been his last result. Excuse me, living in Canada and all, but Americans are too trigger-happy for me. It's ridiculous.    I don't see why you have people who are actually trained for this in the military but you wouldn't put those same people in the streets of places you'd judge hostile.    I agree with you. I think that as the police, they should be trained for that type of situation. We're not talking about mall cops in suburban Calgary here. We're talking about people who should be the first to response to any type of emergency, especially in a country where anyone can own a gun, especially in hostile neighbourhoods.    Be happy, I'm not in America right now and I'm glad I am not. How can shooting someone can ever be right? I mean not shooting, but murdering them. He's a cop! He should be trained for this kind of situation!    So you're saying American coops were not given good training. I honestly agree.    If you think the name is the issue, then clearly you have not been reading much about feminism. It's just a name, for crying out lout. A name with a history behind it.    In other words .... if this kid should have died or not. Because you can fire you weapon once or twice at most. There are so many spots you can aim at to weaken your enemy without killing them.    You think they know better though? Most of the world is just uneducated. They literally cannot know better. What are you blaming them for? If you know about contraception is because you learned this in school. It's not something you can just figure out.  Also, unlike condoms that seem to be given like free candy, contraceptives made for women are expensive! And I swear women will take it. No one likes being pregnant and then having to take care of all kids anyway. However fewer men will wear condoms because "it doesn't feel good". That's the real problem. Educate the masses, especially males who seem more stubborn than females.    Seems like it. A 12-year-old was shot for playing with a BB Gun. While not too long a go, a man was walking around kids with a real gun, waving it around at people, and he is still alive and well.    This case was basically about deciding whether or not some guy deserved to die or not. Doesn't that shock anyone but me? And I thought I was heartless.    Police officers are trained individuals who should know how to react in any possible given situations. They aren't your every day suburban wife who feels threatened when they hear an unusual sound coming from a window.    My mother just gave me a tablet. Randomly. That is, a day after knowing that my father would send us a tablet he got for free. A couple of days ago, she bought me the fancy type of headphones (that I gave to my father instead for a number of reasons). And a week prior, she bought me small speakers. I am not thankful though. Instead, I can't help but think about the cost of all of those things. Money has become an obsession for me, especially since we're not really well-off, yet my mother spends money like we're part of the upper class. Second, do I deserve those things? I certainly don't. I am not a child my family is proud of, especially my mother who you can tell just hates the person I'm becoming. So why spend money we don't necessarily have on me? Now it feels like I owe her my life.   Call me ridiculous but it's giving me a great deal of anxiety. I do not like to be given things, especially when I don't deserve them. I can't be thankful.    Never said the opposite.    I understand. It is my first time seeing that kind of humour in this subreddit. Usually I see people either commenting on how unusual/unjustified/avoidable/etc. is. Never saw any attempt at that kind of humour (not like there has been none, but this kind is my first time experiencing it (.   :'(   Since we were dealing with death, I thought it was the most appropriate word.   I don't see how horrible things can be funny at all, and I don't see how yourself don't understand that some people don't find humour in everything. Excuse my terrible English, but some things just ... are. You don't need to find it funny or sad.   Sociopaths are unable to feel empathy. People here seem to lack of it. It is why I used that word.    Oh no! :( I'm such a loser now.   Yeah I agree with you. I just sometimes get the impression that there are a few here who don't get it though.   The subreddit was created to watch people die. I did not think I was in a Sociopath Anonymous group.    I am not saying to care, not at all. But I mean people here sometimes sound like death is some kind of game. Excuse me for repeating myself, but they act like they're in a video game and they just saw someone headshot an AI! Maybe humour was not the right way of describing it because as you said, it is subjective. However even the most morbid people understand that death is not a game. While here, not so much.    I'm not the kind of person who think a shrine should be made for every dead person that ever existed, but making video games references when seeing someone die is pretty much what a sociopath sounds like. Death is not "funny" or "no big deal".   I honestly don't get the humour of this subreddit. Sometimes people sound like sociopaths with no feelings whatsoever. I think the "150+ score" is a little disrespectful.   Google won't admit they know more than your mailing address *   I see what you mean. I guess I read it with the wrong tone (if that makes any sense).     He did. He is justifying this revenge, which would be a genocide if it had happened, by saying (and I quote) "It's a very human response to a very inhuman situation."   I'm sorry I did not provide you enough material to ridicule me.    Not at all.    Didn't know you were the ambassador for 7 billion people but ok.    A 12 month old baby is too different from a 15 month old to just refer to it as a "one year old". Same with two year olds. There is a difference between a 24 month old and a 30 month old, hence why "and a half" is used with children aged 2 to ~6.    There are huge differences between a one year old and an 11 month old. Up until their 2nd birthday, children change monthly (and after that, they go through huge changes every 3 months or so). So there is a big difference between a 12 month old (1 year old), 11 month old, 13 month old ... etc.    I wake up at 6:30 too and so does most people so it's not really an achievement. I said 5:00 because that would be commitment.   Not offended at all. I understand I am part of a minority here.    Hey, I actually do! I find it really useless when it's done for aesthetic reasons.    I just find it very unnecessary. Like I said, you would not step on an ant for fun, or cut a three because you felt like it. If you would, why?!   Yes, exactly what I meant. Sorry I failed to express myself properly.    Yes, why would you cut down a tree for your own enjoyment? My argument remains the same. Just don't do shit unnecessarily.    So? Why purposely have them go through something that would be painful? That's like stepping on ants for fun. It's not damaging per se, but doing it on purpose is just dumb.    I am a female, I have no desire to be another sex or gender, but I feel extremely uncomfortable knowing what is between my legs. It's odd, because from what I know, only people who have been molested and raped feel the way I feel, but I have never been touched inappropriately (from what I know and recall — I am 18, by the way). I feel disgusting, repugnant, sometimes I wish I could just cut it out. I react as if I have been violated, it feels wrong and gross to clean that area (even when I'm wiping after using the bathroom — and ironically I sometimes excessively wipe), and it's always on my mind. I don't think I'll ever go see a gynaecologist even though I really need one. The thought of it makes me shudder.   I don't find other females repulsive for being females, but seeing a vagina really makes me uncomfortable. I even dread changing a girl's diaper for that specific reason. I do not know what to do, I do not want to do anything because I would feel impure. Not because of the vagina, because of me (does that make sense?)  I was wondering if anyone could relate to this, and if there is a reason behind this mindset. Thank you!    I was raised to believe that life isn't about how good you feel about yourself, but how good society sees you.I was raised to believe I should fear failing a course more than I should fear my suicidal thoughts. I was raised to believe that my depression should be put on hold to focus more on schoolwork. I was raised to believe I didn't matter now: my worth will come from my academical and professional achievements in the future.   I was encouraged to postpone my happiness, or maybe cancel it, because I needed to make my parents proud by becoming someone they approved of, and by giving them bragging rights. Because I don't matter now. Maybe I'll never matter. I'm living for them, and they're living through me.   Fuck it. I will work hard for myself, towards my own goals. I need no one as no one really needs me. I'll become selfish for my own good.    I am no Supernanny, and I obviously haven't done everything there is to do. However, I'm feeling quite down and discouraged. A couple of weeks ago, I asked for ideas on how to entertain a two-year-old. All responses were great and I am so thankful! I was hyped and eager to try some of the things with the toddler. However, she was not interested. Playdough? Was good for a minute. Cardboard things like tubes and such? Was interesting only because it came out of my bag (my backpack, to them, is full of treasures and she especially enjoys seeing what I bring, but her curiosity stops there). Yesterday I took her out to a Biodome, and she did not care much. I tried getting her excited about fish especially since she seems to enjoy water, but after understanding she could not touch the water trough the glass, she lost interest.   I noticed that she enjoys holding on to things. I purposely bought a lunchbox (those 'vintage' ones shaped like a rectangle, usually made of metal) and as predicted, she enjoyed holding on to it. She also wanted to hold a plastic bag I had diapers and wipes in. I once bought a bag of pompons she could pass through a tube taped to the wall, and she only cared about holding on to the bag, and would (mildly) panic whenever a pompon would fall off. That has been her favourite thing to do so far. For instance, the playdough was fun for a few seconds while holding on to it. Then big brother wanted to play with it and she lost interest. Same with carboard tubes ... the only thing she has been using has to be markets. Oh, and she enjoys TV.  What do you in a situation like this?    My self-worth vanished today. I have lost something that was given to me: Headphones.  Yes, I can buy new ones. No, it was not at an exorbitant price (about forty dollars) and yes, it was given a while ago (10 months ago in two days), but it hit me hard to know money was spent on me, and my forgetfulness made it a waste.   I'm pretty sure I will find them either tomorrow or next Monday, but in the mean time, in the midst of a mild panic attack, I cried. Not only have I disturbed my routine (I do not cope well with unforeseen events), but I've wasted someone's resources. I seem to be pretty good at it. If it's not money I'm wasting, it's time. Always someone's time. And I'm not worthy of any of it.  What to do? Should I stay home tomorrow? How can I waste people's time tomorrow after wasting someone else's resources? Would that be fair? Would that be wise? I want to stay home tomorrow. And maybe the next week, and the week after. I'm panicking. I will stop now. But I needed to say this.     I am looking after two children, but usually the two-year-old is left alone with me.   I'm used to looking after children, but now I'm a little out of my comfort zone. The mother I am helping out is not very fortunate, so her children do not have any toys besides markers (and I'm not too fond of them since the little one likes to draw on herself) and a couple of bikes. Also, I don't think I'll be able to leave their house since the mother only has one set of keys, and she needs them. I am afraid of bringing rented things (books, movies) because the two-year-old can and will draw on them, rip them apart, eat them ... Buying them things is also tricky because not only I am a student on a budget, but since I'm working for an agency, one rules says I can't give them anything (unless they make something out of it, like paper, pencils).   They are of a different culture, and the little girl is just two, so she only knows what her mother does. She's not familiar with many games and activities we'd consider "basic" for kids her age, and there's obviously the language barrier. The only thing that could keep her entertained for hours is either making a mess with water or being thrown in the air (but I'm too unfit to do that for more than 45 seconds).   I'm okay with buying very cheap stuff, but she seems to not quite understand what can be done with these things and she doesn't understand me, so she loses interest immediately.  Any suggestions?  Thanks in advance!   ** Thank you for all for your suggestions! I'm very thankful for your replies! I will give boxes a try, since it's cheap (even free at some places!) and start from there. Playdough is obviously a close second. I'll try making my own if that turns out to be better. Really, thank you very much!    When you look for articles about self-help, 99% of tips are written assuming the person has either a good life, or is capable of finding the good in their situation.   Stop assuming.  When people want to prevent suicide for instance, they will talk about how family and friends will miss them. Not everyone has that supporting group of people who truly care about them, and certainly not everyone is capable of judging whether or not this group of people even exists. (and why live for others?!)  In websites sharing tips on how to prevent unhealthy coping mechanism, they always assume the person is aware of the positive in their life. They always talk about "reaching out to someone who makes them feel good" or "doing something that will make them feel better". It's a statement that always bothers me because literally what makes the person feel better is that unhealthy or damaging thing they're doing. And again they always assume the person feels worse after doing whatever they're doing. Not always. Some people do it, feel better, fall asleep and tomorrow ends up being a better day. And in desperate situations, you either can't tell who is on your side or not, or you have no one on your side, which seems to baffle some as if everyone is born with a great family and amazing friends that are there for them.   I find those ridiculous. I needed to say that somewhere.    Just so you know how terrible my memory is, for the past year or two, I've been struggling speaking even my mother tongue (French) because I couldn't remember words.  I am learning Russian and German at school right now. I'm doing okay with German, memorizing-wise (though it could be better, but I shouldn't be complaining). However, after 6 full weeks of Russian, my vocabulary is still limited to about a dozen words, at most 20.   I can read and write cyrillic just fine, but when I am reading a word I am trying to memorize, my brain just goes into "decrypting mode", which doesn't include memory. I can't seem to stop it from doing that. I have tried memorizing the latinized words, nothing. What's odd is I did not have any difficulty learning Mandarin Chinese words and script.   Is this a common thing, and what should be done to fix it?   Thank you in advance.    September of last year, I met someone I considered to be one of the greatest person I ever met. A year later, I managed to have a (very short) conversation with them. After two minutes of silence from my part (minutes spent trying to recompose myself), the conversation died out. I have tried initiating it again, without success.   Sounds benign, doesn’t it. Here’s more.  At the age of 12 or 13, I met whom I thought would be my greatest friend ever. We were so close, for the longest time I thought I was in love with them. Since the age of 15, they have been drifting away from me. I barely talk to them. Last time I heard from them, it was still winter (it is now the beginning of autumn). I still love them the way I did six years ago.   I am a burden to the people I care the most for. It’s not just them, it’s basically everyone I ever met, including my family. At the age of 13, almost overnight, I became asocial and introversive. Since then, I have failed to be worthy of anyone’s attention. That second person must have pitied me for staying around until I turned 15, when I emotionally crashed, became depressed and suicidal, and everything in between.   It’s selfish, but I do want them in my life. I am willing to do anything to gain their attention and love back. I want to give them everything I have (which unfortunately is nothing for the moment). I am willing to sacrifice my life and put theirs as my priority. It’s obsessive and delusional, but I unfortunately feel this way. And now to have them both trying to, what looks like, shut me out of their life, it hurts. I can understand though. I’m not loveable. I am not interesting. They deserve better.    After six months free of suicidal thoughts, I now secretly wish I had successfully killed myself last time I tried. I’m too much of a burden. I was not meant to be alive. I was not meant to be involved in social situations. I’m too big of a burden for too many people.    I was unfortunately born a female.   Now being a female itself is alright, but when nature chooses you to carry the burden of procreation, that's when it sucks. And it is to happen for at least 40 years, 12 times a year, 6 days a month.   I honestly never made a big deal out of it the first time, even the second time, but then it became excessively painful. Being anemic, I would lose consciousness all the time, miss school, vomit ... it was terrible. For the past year though, it has been better. No loss of consciousness (though I do feel dizzy from time to time), less vomiting (though now everything is coming out — at the same speed I should say — at the other end), and no missing scheduled activities. However one thing has not changed: I feel gross.  I am not even affected by how society views this "normal and healthy" part of a female's life. Whatever people say, periods are gross. It smells, it's uncomfortable, it's messy, and there's no way to control it. I'm pretty sure if once a month, the anus decided to evacuate on its own for six days straight and all you could do is sit in a diaper at all time, it would feel the same way.   One week a month, I stop working. I lose my appetite, I lose my motivation and my energy. I lose my focus and my memory as well. All my movements feel automated. I hate leaving my room when it happens. All I do is go back-and-forth between there and the bathroom. Being in College and all, I obviously have to leave my house almost every day, but I spend most of my time worrying about leakage and smell. No amount of good hygienes will change the fact that as I'm sitting down in the middle of 30+ people, blood is coming out of my vagina, and I'm sitting in it. I could shower thrice a day, change my pad every hour or empty a bottle of perfume on my nether region, nothing would change.   I am amazed at how very few females seem affected by their period. I applaud those women. Unfortunately I am not at their level. I cannot stop thinking about what is happening between my legs because I can feel it. I don't like this feeling of uncleanness, as if I haven't wiped in a year. I cannot deal with this smell I can't seem to detach myself from, even though now I've learned it's all in my head. I can't deal with the fact that it leads to my inactivity, as if my body is slowly shutting down on me.   It's been nearly a decade and I still haven't gotten my shit together. I've failed mother nature.    I understand why websites like care.com require you to pay for full access to their website (we're talking about parents potentially trusting strangers with their children, after all). However, I hate how empty one's profile looks when they do not have a Premium account. I'm 18. I cry whenever I buy school manuals. You think I'd pay for a website account?  Many times, I would contact one or more parent, then I'd see that the exact number of parents I've contacted have visited my page. I know it's them. But then, I get no answer. Nothing. I know I can't receive messages from all of them, so I used to put my e-mail address at the bottom of my messages, but apparently that SCREAMS scam (especially when your name is in the email address, which is ridiculous but whatever). So I started putting my phone number, home and mobile, which I thought made me look more legit since it's personal information. I thought maybe if parents were paranoid enough, they would check a website like Canada411 and see if my postal code matched the number.   Why can't care.com be like some French website I fell upon? To confirm your identity, they ask you to submit a picture ID (it was secure) that not only proves your identity, but your general location. I know it's not perfect, but still. It allowed genuine people to have a better chance at finding willing parents.   Today it bothered me so much because I found the perfect match. I'm free three days a week, and this lady (who lives less than a kilometre away from me — according to care.com) needed someone for those three days. I really need a job, and I desperately want to start babysitting again. She was a match sent from heaven! Well I check my profile (haven't been on the website for a couple of weeks before today), and surprisingly, maybe an hour after sending her a message, I have one profile view. It has to be her! But ... nothing. I'll wait another 24 hours before breaking into tears (hyperbole) and giving up on online stuff. However I'm pretty sure she will not give me a call.  I mean I know sometimes, parents are just not interested, but how can they be if most can't contact me, and my profile is empty?! Even if I try to include as much information or try to sound super interesting in messages I send them, nothing.   Oh well. It hurt.   ** Sometimes I get so paranoid about it. Maybe it's my age, which is fine. Maybe it's my race even ... Who knows. It would actually hurt.    I am an 18 year old female, currently in my 2nd year of post-secondary education, from Canada. In the summer of 2015, I want to momentarily put my education on hold to become an aupair for a year or two. My dream locations would be France, Germany, Belgium, England or the Netherlands. I can also consider the United States and Canada, but my passion for foreign languages and cultures push me towards Western Europe.  Basically, I want to know what I should do in order to be a great aupair. Childcare is a passion I want to exploit. I babysat, like most teenage girls, for about two years (until I moved out). I want to start again this year, but before looking for families, I will be taking an 'Emergency Childcare First Aid and CPR' course with the Canadian Red Cross. It will take place next week.  What else can I do to be an impressive candidate?  Thank you in advance!  ** I did post this on /r/nannies and wanted to ask here right after, but for some reason, I was not allowed to do so earlier.   I am an 18 year old female, currently in my 2nd year of post-secondary education, from Canada. In the summer of 2015, I want to momentarily put my education on hold to become an aupair for a year or two. My dream locations would be France, Germany, Belgium, England or the Netherlands. I can also consider the United States and Canada, but my passion for foreign languages and cultures push me towards Western Europe.   Basically, I want to know what I should do in order to be a great aupair. Childcare is a passion I want to exploit. I babysat, like most teenage girls, for about two years (until I moved out). I want to start again this year, but before looking for families, I will be taking an 'Emergency Childcare First Aid and CPR' course with the Canadian Red Cross. It will take place next week.   What else can I do to be an impressive candidate?   Thank you in advance!    I could add Calgary to the list, too but I'm not sure about it honestly.  I live in Montreal and I love my city, but for um, reasons, I would prefer moving elsewhere.   * I should add that I'm frugal. I've read some statistics and Montreal happens to be the cheapest city. I'm wondering which one, despite the high price of basically everything, is livable?  * Hostile behaviour is not to happen here. That's not very Canadian of you (alright that was bad).   * To those who seem to have serious eye-sight problems: Those four cities are where my dream job is in serious demand. Yes, frugal people also care about the job market.    I heard/saw Americans, Canadians, Quebecers and the French do it. I have a feeling it's quite a popular thing to do elsewhere as well.    I am 18, a female and I have anemia. I do not take iron supplements for x and y reasons.   I have daily headaches. It's been like this for a couple of years, maybe more. I believe they are migraines. Usually, I feel my temples pulsating, which per se is not always painful but always so disconcerting. If I concentrate enough, I can get rid of the pain but the unsettling part is always there. Lately, for the past week or so, it's been worse. I feel as if my head splits in two (a physical head and a more "spiritual" one, if that makes sense) at each pulse, the pain goes all the way to my neck, and sometimes (for a short period of time), to my left arm.   What is it? I googled my symptoms but it's always so dramatic. I rather describe my symptoms myself and see what other people think. Also, I am overseas right now so I can't go see a doctor quite yet. I think I foremost want to know how common that is.   Thank you!  ** I must add, right now, it feels like a brain freeze. Not sure what a brain freeze really feels like (never had one) but if it's a slightly paralyzing head ache, then yes.   And I've noticed that sometimes, commercials during shows in France are related to the channel they're been broadcasted on. A France 2 show will have commercials featuring other France 2 shows, for instance.    I'm like so close from crying right in the middle of my school's student lounge. Two people are less than two meters away from me. Funny thing is, they wouldn't even notice. They never did. Not my first time crying in this school and no one notices.   I kind of want to keep hope, but I'm not sure if it's an option anymore. I tried killing myself once but now my body rejects any type of attempts.   Would someone mind noticing me? No?  	106
