 Just last night I finally decided to get a slime king summon....accidentally summoned it while deep undergound and he summoned in a different tunnel a little over from me, but was too far too reach and he dissappeared :/   Have they extended Health/mana cap by chance with this update?   So basically, I need to waot for a patch...hopefully in the next day, because apparently if you dont kill any monsters for a couple days you lose power points.   Grand Theft Auto   I instantly think of the Wallet App. . .   Really just got to follow your quest as well as possible. TONS of grinding. Grandpa Gohans house is your base. Senzu beans heal health and Ki. Wont be able to go everywhere on map until you advance in questlines.   They have a website, but it is i. Vietnamese. Guides translate well, but forum is mostly unreadable.   I was in the Grocery Store one time. I farted and shortly after a manager got called to the front. He just happened to walk through my aisle headed that way.   It would be cool if someone made an app that would do moving covers using a phone's tilt.   Shoot I called it Celebgate.   I was thinking superglue and foreskin, but that works too.   A lot of grinding, and it sometimes misclicks for me, but so far so good.      I mean if you are the 4chan subreddit at work after today's headlines....   Here i was hoping for some Lykke Li....still cool tho   It is almost as if reddit as thousands of different people that are vocal about different topics. . .╮(╯▽╰)╭   Do we know for a fact they were stolen? Whatif the recipient of a picture decided to sell?   Probably Sandman:Overture #1. The pseudo-identity/existential crisis was a really enjoyable read and then the art is amazing.   I only see it being worth it if you arwe going to get them signed and then stored away for a good quarter-century.   I'm tempted to get the Justice League Canada variants, just for the added talking point that this was gonna be the actual name.   Either Savage Hawkman or I, Vampire. I need more Andrew Bennett, but is really a toss up between the two.   While I prefer Fire and Verde, Mild isn't that bad of a hot sauce.   Per order.   A standard 4$, unless you have a 50$+ order, then it is free.   Everything I have gotten from them has been new.   I've actually enjoyed Ultimates along with the Miles Morales series. Of course I hadnt read anything before the new #1's   The next page in this issue...just did not see that coming.   A good resource for collecting books is instocktrades.com. They have most book that are available, with most at 40% discount and fairly regular sales.  I would also check out your local Halfprice Books. They usually have a decent selection of Graphic Novels which you can flip through to see if anything strikes your fancy.  One series I've personally enjoyed is Sandman by Vertigo.   One of my LCS bags their trades.   Just started this the other night after having it for months. Is a pretty fun rpg. has an occasional bug but still a good game.    Avalon HD, Ravensword 2, and Dragon Ball Online.  Got first two from a humble bundle a while back and enjoy both. I feel it was way too easy to get money in Ravensword (Just grind the goblin hideout and fast travel to it once cleared, at 60g per shield dropped by every goblin it didnt take long to max out on best gear available.  Found Dragon Ball on the play store. It isnt too bad, but still has a good amount of translation from Vietnamese to be had.   I thoroughly enjoyed The Lords of Salem.   I've had a friend get pulled over during one of these weekends and searched/everything for lighting a cigarette while passing a checkpoint lol   And then waste everyone's time and taxpayer resources, but meh I'm usually working during no refusal weekends so no problem for me.   Talked to ATT about 1.5 MBPS being my top speed available :/   Any news on Big Boi's third solo?   Six Flags with give you discounted admission if you bring in a coke can.   And the warrant issuers are on-call to expediate the process during the no refusal weekend.   Imma just say this: Salvia is better than molly, but I'm a weird one.  Also, In n Out doesn't have the A1 Thick n Hearty.   Lol, but what if you aren't but still suspect ya been?   I liked the ones you mentioned. Vandal Savage was decent.   Following it because why not? And now with the Green Latern cross over I might finally read some latern books.   Apparently between present day and 5 years from now there is a giant superhuman war, which we haven't seen/heard much of yet. I assume with how this week ended we will get some more background on the war next issue.   I want a Captain Carrot Origin story.      Super dope interview. Even Dre goes through the moods.   9th dawn is a wonderful game. I keep finding myself going back to it. Just waiting for the big update before they release the sequel.    Yea sometimes they are rabbits in tights and capes.   I just noticed the other day that if felt like forever since the last issue came out.   I prefer the N52 Red Robin costume to the old one, but of course I first saw him in N52 before I read anything older so I kight just be biased.   Shoot I wish I got paid that well. Thats closer to 8 hours of work for me. . .   I wonder if it his natural lisp that we hear in the trailer.   I second that Burger Island is awesome.   They need to port Biomotor Unitron.   Hey just giving some words of hope here. Smoked weed for years and then started having voices and negative thoughts and vibes. It'll get better. Just make sure you are honest with your therapist.   One thing that helped me is I statted reading. Now I am really into comic books and have quit smoking. If you fons yourself just missing the act of smoking try investing in an E cig.   I like the subtle shots fired at North West. . .   Who do I need to contact to get this standee at my theatre?   Nah mods just wants us all to start a #occupyISIS campaign. . .   I've never heard it....I know all the tracks on the extended edition of Pure Heroine, but google Play omitted No Better for some reason. . .only found out this today....:/   Well that was a fun read.   TFW no XXXL    My ~~first~~ only time(s) was the Wolverine. She was all like "WTF how do you keep getting it up?"   Rings of Night   Nothing compared to the wait between Sandman: Overture issues.   Is hola available on mobile or tivo? Dont exactly got a PC. . .   East of West, Sandman: Overture, Justice League United, Harley Quinn, Elektra, and All New Ultimates.   If I live to 45 I will have outlived my father. Halfway there. . .   Last I heard he uses a vape now.   Yes someone please ELI5. . .   A1 thick and hearty, Jr. sized!   Not to mention free shipping for orders over 50$ in the US and select new releases each week for 50% off.   I had both on at same time, i think the subs are more detailed, but are still drastically different.   It may not be 1 in 5, but the triggering of severe psychosis is still a very real possibility. Predisposed or not.   It can have english dubs, but they hardly match the english subs at all. It is interesting to see the difference in scripts.   It was the third and supposedly final round of DC sales. Batman titles were like a month back.   Thought so, recognized the titles and the way they are packaged. Glad someone else was able to use that sale I posted :D. My orders come in monday and tuesday.   From an online sale?   What format did you read?  Opinion on I, Vampire?   Ummm...no?   Honestly, I would like to see the New 52 Amethyst made into a movie.   I just watched this on netflix not even a week ago. Such a great man.   You could probably find a vinyl usb recorder for like 20-30$ on amazon. Used to have one a couple years ago, but cat chewed up the arm.   I didnt have the first two issues for the longest time, but still had it on my pull list, so about a month ago got them and binged read 1-7, a most excellent story and I like how they short of give a shout out to the Future's End weekly when they mention the island that had over 90% of superhuman DNA   Shoot that too   I'd rather...you know, pay for the actual game.   Still waiting for the I-III port :/   It being hard is the only reason I remember.   Was it in 1 or 2 where you had to combo into the teacup on a building?   This one replaced Hulk right? I don't like how they left the ending in #4...is just so wrong.   I want to say two weeks total, but I have no idea when it started this round.   Shoot I'm going for the Hawkman Archives, the Voodoo n52, watchmen and various Vertigo's myself....trying to cut down the list below $75... The DC sales this summer have been killer on the pocket lol.   One notable mention is the Watchmen HC print.   Here is to hoping the sale is still around Thursday      There is a Lucifer vertigo series, which I am hIghly enjoying (just finished first trade collection), I believe it picks up after the events in Sandman Volume 4. I recommend reading those first four volumes of Sandman first, but not exactly necessary.  Now if I remember right, I think Lucifer Trades were originally printed in smaller collections, but were more recently put into thicker trades. A quick glance at the wiki page will help sort them out.   If you enjoy Sandman, I recommend the Death Deluxe trade. It has both Death of the Endless' trades in it in addition to some other stories. One of my personal favorite books I've bought.  As for trigon, havent really read much on him.  EDIT:  Sandman Overture #3 just cameout last week and was quite wonderful IMO. Try to track down the first two issues. It isn't exactly on a regular release schedule, like several months between issues.   You said to explain cougars...you didnt say give a solid dissertation on the entymology of "cougar". . .   Older women having high libido, being so rare, it gets its own term, hence "cougar"?   Didn't she win a spot on All That?   Woah...waoh..woah...Desoto is nice. Now Lancaster on the other hand. . .   It is a moot point, I believe is what you meant. Your point still stands, tho.   mfw OP didnt go to /x/ and cum on runes.   It is sad I had to scroll so far to see any Luda.  "You see y'all got it all wrong like women in tuxedos / And comin up shorter than five Danny DeVitos"     I always, for some reason, thought he said "Like Lieutenant Dan I'm broken." This is somuch better tho.   Side note...is Under the Skin really horror? Sci-fi suspense at best IMO   Or watch it next week at a participating Cinemark for $1. . .  	103
 I'm the same way right now.... I use my zoom lens as a series of primes (instead of "zooming" in the normal sense) and 99% of what I shoot is either at the 35mm or 50mm FF equivalents (23/35 on my Fuji). From what I've read online people say you are either a 35 or a 50 shooter... but I'm really both.  I recently got rid of my X100 and bought a 27mm pancake lens which comes out to about 40.5mm in full frame terms. I think that might be about perfect for me.    Yeah, ten bucks says you're one of the irresponsible dog owners I'm talking about. Thanks though    When I had a Canon 7D, my go-to prime was the Sigma 30mm 1.4. That came out to about a 48mm field of view with the 1.6 crop. It was always on my camera.   After having an X100 for about a year I decided to go full mirrorless and sold off all my Canon equipment for a Fuji XT-1, 18-55 zoom and the 35 1.4 (52.5mm with the crop). For some reason that 5mm difference is throwing me off. The 35 seems kind of tight a lot of the time compared to the Canon and Sigma 30, but I'm not sure if it's just from using the X100. The X100 felt too wide for me in the beginning so I didn't use it much when I first got it. Maybe my preference has changed as I adjusted to that focal length?  I have an old manual focus 50mm for when I need some extra reach/depth of field,so I'm wondering if I should even keep the 35 at this point. I don't want to be gearhead that constantly buys and sells things, but I also don't like having expensive lenses around that I don't use.   Just curious if this has happened to anyone else. I really thought given how much I loved the 30 on my Canon, that the 35 on the Fuji would be similar. I just find myself not using it much.    Dumbest thing I've read today. Congrats.    $200. I keep my house on 62-63 when I'm awake, mid-50s when I'm asleep and used a space heater in my bedroom upstairs.  House is about 1450 square feet and built in 1948.     I'm not sure why but it put my list in a huge bold font. Sorry about that.   After my dog got attacked last year I now carry varying degrees of protection.  1. - air horn. This is used by Petsmart in their classes to break up dog fights. It's LOUD.  2 - citronella spray. You can use pepper spray but there's a good chance it will blow back on you, unless it's foam.   3 - old school police baton/walking stick. So I can beat the shit out of something if necessary. I had a cheap stun baton, but it broke. I liked it though, I think the sound is enough to scare the hell out of most dogs or any other animal or person.  4 - tactical knife just in case none of the above work.  A tad overboard probably - but watching my dog get taken down by two 150-pound aggressive Great Danes is not something I ever want to witness again, much less be helpless in dealing with.   Just a thought, if you frequent dog parks it's not a bad idea to at least have #1 or #2.   Totally feel you here. Mine is the same way.   Similarly, I do NOT understand why people let their children run up to my dog. My dog LOVES children and is great with them. However... the parents have no way of knowing that. Just blows my mind. I don't have kids but I would imagine if I did, I would ask some questions before letting my kid run up in some dog's face.   Thanks. It's really frustrating. She was great with other dogs at first but after years of issues with off leash dogs it's just too stressful for me to go to parks here in Richmond.    This is so stupid. I don't have kids and you know how I found out who my friends were? When something terrible happened. The worst ones are parents. They don't have time to help out a friend going through something awful because they're a parent. Yet they have no problem calling ME up when some shit goes down. After all, I have nothing else going on. /eyeroll   Dog parks are just horrible and a bad idea. I took my dog to one when I first got her, and quickly stopped. Sadly most dog owners are woefully ignorant about dog behavior, dominance displays, warning signs of a fight starting, etc and I don't even trust most people to control their dog when it's on a leash, much less off-leash in a dog park.  Besides, who needs an actual dog park when you can just take your dog to Bryan Park and let them off-leash to wreak havoc? Sore point with me. My dog is not good with other dogs due to being attacked several times by off-leash dogs over the years. Last year she got attacked REALLY bad. Wish I could take her out to a nice park to walk her... but I can't, because of assholes who have no respect for other people.    I'm fairly certain that I read that very thing on here the other day by the way - where an actual dad said that to someone here. And I didn't say all men. But carry on.    Can't get through a day without offending somebody. Good grief.    I feel like "someday" is some magical time in the future that may never actually come. Maybe "someday" actually means "fence sitter who doesn't want to make decision."   I have in my profile that kids are not a goal for me and that if you want them 100% then you need to keep moving on. Also I have, that means that I don't want to date men who already have children.  I barely even look at the site anymore but it never fails when I do, I'm inundated with messages from single dads who want a childless, baggage-free woman.. And guys with no kids who "are childfree now but want them someday."  I'm glad I don't take this seriously but I guess I must in some way because this kinda stuff annoys the hell out of me. The "someday" people actually annoy me more than the single dads. I get it, they have kids and don't want any more. But what the hell is up with these "someday" people?   I always thought men didn't really want kids but it was just like the price of marriage for them. They did it to make their wives happy not because they truly want them. Yet there seem to be a lot of guys who truly want them... "Someday."   I always seem to get depressed around my birthday - even back when I was a kid. It's coming up at the end of the month and I'm already feeling down, starting to withdraw, and don't want to deal with people. Of course the more I isolate myself, the worse I feel.  I wonder sometimes if this could be a conditioned response at this point (I'm in my early 30s). Or if somehow the time change and warmer weather could be involved? I so look forward to both of those, and yet find myself down when they arrive.  Or, are birthdays just depressing for some reason?   Somebody got a new fisheye lens.   Yeah, sounds like a completely different scenario   That's why I'm using the term here, and not to her face or my family.  I've seen kids called worse on this sub for nothing other than existing and being a child, even a nice child.   I think I'm going to share this on Facebook and see if my sister responds (I posted about my niece yesterday on here).       I just ignore her. It isn't worth the drama. Just needed to vent about it to people who understand!   My grandmother tells me all the time not to have children. It's hilarious. She is 100% behind my choice and said if she grew up in a different time, she would NEVER have had kids.   I have two nieces. The oldest is quiet, pretty chill. The youngest... to be honest I can't stand this kid.  From the time she could talk, she was the diva child. Loved pink, wanted to dress like Disney Princesses, loved having her hair and nails done, etc. That's all fine and good, but she also had an attitude to go with it. Sassy and mouthy and arrogant.   Everyone in my family thought it was cute and encouraged it from day one.  Well, she's 9 now, and that attitude ain't cute. Never was to me, but now it's even more annoying. I don't see her but once a year since I'm not local, and even though she's my niece... I get sick of her after about five minutes. She never shuts up, and it's all about HERSELF.   My sister gave her an old iPhone, so she can send iMessages to people. Randomly I get these selfies of her, and in all of them she has this smug, self-absorbed smirk that is the ugliest thing I've ever seen. Then she'll ask me "Don't I look pretty" and stuff like that. She's going to turn out to be a teenager and probably adult woman who looks to men for self-esteem and reassurance. She already talks now about how she's going to marry rich, and how she can do that because she's so beautiful. All she cares about and talks about is how she looks and how much better she is than everyone else.  The crazy thing is, she's a cute girl, but nowhere near as gorgeous as she thinks she is. So I don't get where this all comes from. Not to mention the arrogant attitude is ugly as hell, and she's NINE! Who the hell is this... Honey Boo Boo?  This all culminated yesterday in a text from her actually making fun of how I looked when I was a teenager. I guess they were all going through old photos, and she was texting me awful photos of me in my awkward, fat, teen years. I could really care less about that part of it, but the photos were accompanied by bitchy comments like "Hahahaha look how bad you looked" and "I'll never look like that because I'm beautiful." Good lord, get OVER yourself kid. She's 9, and pulling the mean girl act on her own aunt - what is that about? I've never been a person to call children hateful names just because they are children... but this girl is a BITCH!  It's not just me who thinks this either. My sister gave my grandmother a calendar that has a picture of the girls for each month. The other day out of nowhere - no prompting from me - my grandmother was like, "I just can't believe that youngest. Such an attitude, she thinks she is really something. They need to get that girl under control." Yep! She also made a remark about that smug smirk the girl always has on her face - apparently it was really bad in the February photo, because my grandmother said, "I was so happy to turn the calendar over to March. I couldn't stand to look at that face anymore." HA!  tl;dr My niece is 9 and I feel horrible for thinking it, but I don't like her and she's a total bitch.   I didn't realize she was a realtor. I read her book "Snake Hips" and her blog many many years ago, long before I lived in Richmond. Wish I had known that when I was looking last year!   I love dogs and that dog deserves WAY better than that.    It's hard to make friends in an area when you are spending your weekends in another area/with your boyfriend. I speak from experience.      6 inches! Shut it down!!! The roads all melted and look fine to me but schools are closed tomorrow too already. Enjoy it, parents.    I'm in Richmond.   	29
 Or at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant.  	1
 I concede the point.   That's not to say that feminism doesn't help men. If my wife/girlfriend/sister/daughter makes less money than me for doing the same work, our household suffers. But I will absolutely agree that radical sexists have co-opted the feminist brand, so much so that the incorrect argument that feminism obviates men's rights activism might be the inherent, systemic problem you describe.   If AARP started protesting NAACP, they would be wrong. But whose responsibility is it to set it right? Should I stop calling myself a feminist? Should I concede the movement to sexists?   A sick institution is an institution that needs its best people most. I choose to stay, to be one such person.   Perhaps you will, too.      I, too, applaud you for rational discourse.  But I will argue against you on a few points. This woman is using the points made by a few stupid people to argue against completely unrelated ideas. Should the fact that feminazis exist preclude the argument that there is a broader legal battle over a woman's right to choose her own surgeries? That would be like saying that because misogyny exists we should disregard addressing men-dying-in-the-workplace issues.  You are totally right: men dying in the workplace is a gendered issue that deserves an immediate, organized response. Let me be the feminist that agrees with you that women have it nice in a lot of ways. Why must a feminist organization also be a men's rights organization? Simply because both causes are right does not mean all political movements must address them simultaneously. The NAACP is a generally good organization that supports good causes. Its contemporary, the AARP, is a generally good organization that supports good causes. Both movements exists to actuate different political agendas even though they stem from the same philosophy: equality under the law.  Not that I support your ousting of the FMLA. It would benefit the feminist image greatly if we could make public gestures of good faith toward men, rather than creating political enemies at the expense of our most important agendas: equality under the law and a major cultural attitude shift toward women.  But to your point that feminism encourages feminazis: I must vehemently disagree. Feminist organizations might attract feminazis, but do they create them? Do men's rights groups necessarily create misognynists?  As a man who recently suffered a major, life-changing electrical workplace accident while working in lighting and grip on set, I know we have some common ground: equality, legal fairness, justice. Perhaps instead of trying to change each other's respective movements, we can simply both join each other's proverbial NAACP and AARP.   OP is not on your side; instead, she is against us both. OP's anti-feminist rationale can be turned into anti-men's rights rhetoric. "Pro-women" does not have to mean "demonize men," in the same way that "pro-men" does not have to demonize women. I am "an adult who is capable of taking responsibility for my own actions." That does not mean I don't need people like you to fight for my rights in the workplace.   We have a common enemy: ignorance, and though we might disagree on the best way to combat it, let's not be seduced by hate or buy into the rhetoric that we must be diametrically opposed.    I am a male feminist. The female feminists I know give me great respect for the contributions/sacrifices I've made. In fact, it is in the name of those male feminists who worked so hard to give this privileged woman the rights she enjoys (e.g. the vote) that we object. Do you think that Parker Pillsbury would say we don't need feminism anymore because he wasn't getting the credit he deserves?   Also, let's not forget the more difficult objective of feminism: changing the cultural attitudes of society.   I didn't really go into what a huge sexist my mom's boss was. He believed women were essentially non-humans, existing solely for his own purposes. His marriage was definitely not a partnership, more like a master-slave relationship. She was basically his baby maker. He had no respect for women and he treated his female workers with disdain and hate.  The guy is barely pushing 45. It doesn't make sense that he should be so sexist. It's not like he grew up in a society where women were second class citizens. But for some reason he still finds it okay to treat women in a way he would never treat a man. Feminism can't just create a society where everybody thinks sexism is wrong. It must immunize the organized system of recourse so that when sexism does return, it can be stopped immediately.   But back to my original point about cultural attitudes. This seems to be the front where feminism is losing the most ground, mostly due to a few fringe crazies who have co-opted the word. The most powerful weapon against sexism is the feminist him/herself. It's hard to be a sexist when your best friends hate you for being such a bastard. Feminism's real goal is not to make it illegal for my sister to make less money than me for the same job; rather, it is to create a world where nobody would even think to pay her less.  Feminism is not just about punishing people like my mom's boss. It's about stopping him from becoming the monster he became in the first place.   Egalitarianism isn't a movement. Martin Luther King, Jr, didn't lead the egalitarianism movement; rather, he was a leader in the black civil rights movement.  What if I put it like this? "God exists" is a belief or philosophy. Catholicism is a movement, an organized, politically motivated group of people who are trying to actuate an agenda in the world, and they usually agree on things like "we should help the poor." That doesn't mean that all Catholics just discard Catholicism and become (idk religionists?) just because some Catholics went off the fucking deep end.  In the same way, egalitarianism is a belief or philosophy: we ought to treat everyone fairly under the law. Feminism is a movement, an organized, politically motivated group that tries to actuate a certain agenda, usually "women should be treated equally under the law." That doesn't mean that some feminists don't go off the fucking deep end, but it doesn't mean that I should stop being a feminist.   Because in any other context (e.g. business, the executive branch, or legislative branch) she would be protected under the title 9 discrimination and whistle blower laws.   Listen, I hear you, bud. There's no better way to get somebody to listen up than to scream "discrimination." We both agree that discrimination is bad; therefore, regardless of whether you think my mom was discriminated against, if we can agree that as a matter of the law, in the judiciary, there are no protections for discrimination under title 9, then we can both agree that there is a problem.   My sister has diabetes type 1. She really really really needs this. Can't wait until its available.   Who did your sound and does he/she want to work on a pilot?   Sure. In fact, you can already get Viagra under your employer's insurance.    Not true, mate. Feminism is helping my little sister get paid the same as me for the same job done. That's modern feminism and equality.     For now. In some states it takes hours in any direction to get to the facilities for an abortion. And we still seem to have difficulty accepting birth control as a healthcare issue that ought to be covered under an employer's insurance.   This sort of argument works in a vacuum but fails in real life.   How is one person supposed to stop discriminatory pay? That's clearly a job for (and is already mandated by) government and its laws. How is my sister supposed to "take responsibility" for making less money than I do for the same job? That's an unjust society problem that requires a society dedicated to fixing it.   #4. Why should feminists be defined by their worst? Is the face of white people the KKK? This is little more than a straw man argument by punning on the word feminism. Do some fringe crazies define themselves as feminists? Sure. But is that really what an informed argument about a complex trend in American politics should be based on? Of course not. Is that even what the girl in the picture is arguing? Clearly not.    Unless you want to argue that feminism necessarily creates Feminazis, it's time for the straw man of "this crazy person said something sexist so I'm no longer a feminist" to go away.    Fair enough. But let's not use ambiguities and subtle differences in ideology among members to pun on the word feminist as that would do nothing but obfuscate the central arguments. Not all feminists support tax benefits for women on maternity leave. But we can agree that pretty much all feminists can rally against unequal, discriminatory pay.    I bring up the difference not to split hairs, but to clarify the argument made in the picture. This woman is clearly not just against the crazy Nazi feminists. The "war" she describes is likely a reference to the shifting legal landscape over a woman's right to choose which surgeries she may or may not have, how her healthcare is paid for, etc.     The lady in this picture is spreading ignorance. Feminism doesn't demonize men; it demonizes an unjust system. Feminists do take responsibility for their actions and they demand that everyone be held responsible equally under the law for their actions. And if she wants to support a war on civil liberties, then she is part of that unfair system.    My mom was just discriminated against in her work. She was fired because she accidentally caught her boss banging his secretary out of wedlock. Unfortunately, in much the same way that the military is set up, the judiciary creates its own rules, independent of title seven in the civil rights act of 1964. That means that even if she could get her day in court, which she was denied, and could prove her case, which would be difficult, then the ultimate decision about what would happen to her boss would be up to the guy that hired him in the first place.    Needless to say, my mom was denied her day in court before she was allowed to present any evidence, merely on the grounds that the judge (the guy who hired her philandering boss) refused to hear the case.    This is why we need feminism.    So let's not pettifog over who is or is not a feminist; pretty much everybody agrees what constitutes a feminist argument, with some deviation on the fringes.  	15
 Letting him down gently how exactly?  He obviously adores you but is too young to understand that he can't have you all the time. Maybe if his Mother took him to nursery/day care part time he would eventually get used to not having you by his side 24/7.  When he goes to school he will have to deal with this anyway and it'll be all day. So why not gently introduce it to him whilst young, instead of giving him the shocker when he's 4/5 years old. It'll also teach him to be independent and learn the ability to adapt.                                                         I have worked in a nursery myself for a few years and some children find separation easy and others don't, at least not straight away. It can take a child 2 months to get out of the crying stage every time they go to nursery. Most children also stop 5 minutes after the parent has gone. The 'little white lie' your sister is telling him is definitely not going to hurt him. It's barely a lie as she could and certainly has the right to tell you to leave her child alone. After all, she is his Mother.     What would prefer, a little white lie or a whole night full of temper-tantrums, you losing your rag, screaming/shouting and no sleep. You may eventually get the result you want but now the child is grumpy and so are you. This also can {if done right} encourage them to have a healthy imagination.     There's little white lies and then there is zombies will rise if they find out about this lie!    I cannot up vote this enough!    That actually made me laugh out loud.   Recently my 5 year old daughter asked about Adam and Eve.  So I started of with: In the bible it says that . . .blah blah.   Once I had finished telling her, She said Mum, that's so silly. Ladies are not made from a man's rib. She also pointed out that snakes cannot talk. I was very proud! :)   Caught brown handed!   Goddess! :)   it can't but you can wrap the pasta around the hot dog.    Part cook the pasta then add the meat. Simple!   I grill mine.   Ewwww!   Agreed and much more healthier.     Poo poo?  How old are you?   I'm female actually.   Hahaha, that made me laugh so much! up voted.    No. Chocolate doesn't remind me of that . .    Why did you split with her?? She's damn hot!    Reminds me of animé octopussy style porn.    And the arsehole.   how about experience?    That's probably relating to the crap that is certain salads. Aka look ad MacDonald salad.  Just as bad for you as a big mac. A lot of readers wouldn't have thought about it.    In England they're £3.85.  Which is ridiculous.     he's a little chubby, although losing weight steadily. I think it's all the thrusting I make him do! :p    The guy on the left looks like Richard Gere.    I don't 'swell' when I'm horny!!!! I get all moist instead :P    hahaha, my fella has a big arse and he doesn't 'thrust' so well whilst in doggy style. . . . .FUK!   hahaha awesome film!    Why the hell is this being down voted? Although I do think that this would an evolutionary effect, I do agree that we all should remind ourselves about safe sex, being ready for a family, the responsibility. Also the understanding that you are bringing child{ren} in to an already vastly over populated planet that we, as a species are destroying over time.    You got it in one. A lot of teen, esteem issues come from magazines, tv, films and music stars. {I would say musicians but they use their looks not vocal talents to gain fans} Stick-thin models and muscular men make young teens feel inadequate.     What they don't realise is the whiter the skin, the more healthier is is. Of course you still need vitamin D but it only takes a little sunlight for your body to be able to create it. Tanning and being sun burnt causes both short and long term damage. Parent's who do not persuade their naive, teenage daughters to protect their skin, should be made to go on a day course with their daughter to learn about the effects tanning salons and sunshine can have.    Agreed, just because someone uses a sunbed, it doesn't mean they're a slut. It means they have low self esteem and vanity issues.     thankyou, much love :)   Eww Dirtpig. You just put me off my lunch!   Can someone please fix this so the dude is a girl that's forever alone? Pretty pleeease! :)   Swuggles+swimming in hugs.   Shaggles= shag and hugs. Coggles+Cold hugs{warm me up!}     Snoggles=snogs and hugs . .  .you get the idea.    agreed.      I love their facial expressions. They're giggling at their own naughtiness!   Because when they sit down they would crush anything in the pockets.   agreed   Except, he's not a doberman. Or 'infected'.   This is absolutely pathectic. I want to kill Virgin right now. Utter Pricks! This is a communicational error plus organisation error rolled into one. Sorry I'm ranting. OP's girlfriend.     Ever thought that this was probably her Mum's idea? Your gf might have even needed perswading. Give her a chance to explain her actions. And ask what she would do if you did the same to her. Girls often get wrapped up in the whole BS that ALL men are cheats {I'm female and know it's BS guys}   So just give her chance. And Maybe never speak to her Mother again. Or friend.   yo dudette!   Sand + sex = uncomfortable sticky, gritty times   Something stupid huh? I though you liked me! Humph!   Forever alonnnnnne.    I prayed! And I'm atheist   thankyou.   thankyou.   it was a question.    Hmm Well I'm calling the lady that deals with all this stuff at his office in the morning so I shall suggest it to her, whilst being very diplomatical and not screaming at her that this whole thing is pants! thankyou for the idea. :)   Not a fake thread. I really want my partner home :(   Unfortunately we don't have passports. Otherwise that would a great idea.   Okay My partner is a field engineer dealing with emergency shut down systems on oil rigs and ships. He is meant to be home {England} on the 23rd of December.  He's been out there for nearly two months now and his flight is booked with Virgin airlines via his company.    He will be able to fly to Tokyo but will be stuck from there. His flight from Tokyo to Heathrow was cancelled this evening due to back log and snow.  Due to the company recently changing they no long can . . .  edit flight details in 24 hours due to them using a rubbish travel agent.  So what can we do?    I'm fearful that he won't be home for Christmas with my little girl and I. Also I could really do with his support right now as my Grandmother is about to die from cancer. So not a great end to the year. :(  Any advice would be helpful. Thankyou-fellow redditor.   EDIT; All is sorted now and he WILL be home in time to dress up as Santa lol. Thankyou everybody for your kind words and advice.   Apart from the picking up the bar of soap in prison bit.    http://prince.org/msg/7/172345   Yeah but that's the body reacting and dealing with survival. Not you purposely knawing away.   	59
 I'm really glad I'm not alone, I even get self-conscious around the person I've been dating for a year and a bit. I get really nervous that my depression will drive them away  	1
 Not sure why this is in r/funny....   Reeeeeeeeeepost.   Oral hygiene, it can save your heart!   Self cleaning antibacterial kitchen surfaces, robot maids/butlers, shower walls that don't get that soapy scum mould on them, microwave meals that taste like properly cooked food...   They would all be dead.   For accusing someone of giving inaccurate information, you sure didn't read the OP too well yourself. The OP is the girlfriend of the deceased and she is asking others to wear helmets to protect themselves. Yes, the guy may have been riding badly, but I think the accusation of karma whoring is a little OTT to be honest.   She certainly has the superiority complex! But then again she is 6 and I think a lot if kids that age are fairly egotistical! I am going to see if I can visit with G T school and check out if they have a late application process. Thank you :-)   Thank you :-)   Would it make a difference that this is a charter school, set up with the purpose of helping these children excel? I am not worried about whether she is the shining star, a leader, or a follower, I just want her to be happy.   Thank you   Thank you for replying :-)  Did you find it hard to socialise with your peers? What would you suggest for encouraging her to make friends of her own age? School admitted today that they bribe her to play with her peers with extra math work? :-) (as in, she loves math so much she always wants to be doing some!)    My daughter is 6 years old and will turn 7 in December.  She is currently reading at around a high 2nd to 3rd grade level. Her math is at high 2nd grade level. Her current Kindergarten teachers have identified her as G T and suggested today that, although her allocated school for grade 1 is very good, she might be better off attending a school for G T pupils for her to achieve her maximum potential. She has pretty much all of the characteristics of a G T child, she is obviously very bright, but she finds it hard to bond with peers, preferring to talk and work with adults.  She completes the bare minimum of work necessary if she is not given extended guidelines to follow on quantity and quality as she 'does what the other children are capable of'. When given extended guidelines she can produce high quality work easily.  She has little to no interest in playing with other children unless the play revolves around fact finding or discovery, e.g. she spent today playing with a group of boys finding and describing insects outdoors. She also has all the wonderful emotional insecurities and anxieties of a young child trying to process thoughts beyond her emotional years. She has a huge fear of the unknown, and becomes very anxious when she does not know someones expectations of her. Change leaves her very insecure and I think she over analyses a lot in seemingly simple situations.  I would hate to see her become lost in the education system, but I also worry that placing her in a G T school may ostracize her from peers in social settings.   Do I give her a year at the public school and see how things go, or do I try to get her enrolled in the G T school?  As an aside, there are two other children in her current class that will be attending the G T school.    My exact thought!   What happened to the other thread?   Sjogrens syndrome? ;)   Actually free if it is for a child.   Thanks :-) I have been referred now to the National Jewish team. Hopefully one of them has some experience with EDS. I just want to get out of this bad pain cycle!   That's the first gif where he has actually appeared attractive to me.       I have emailed them to see if any of their doctors have experience with, or patients with, EDS. They look great! Thanks again!   Thank you :-) I will check him out!   I am need of a recommendation for a rhumatologist or rhumatology specialist in the Denver area.   Preferably nearer to Aurora or Parker, but I don't mind travelling further out.   Preferably with knowledge of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.  They also need to take Cigna/GWH insurance.  I hope someone out there can help!  Thanks in advance x   We did this and it made a HUGE difference to us opening up to each other sexually. And we have been together 13 years!   I love you :-)    Handcuffs, lube, dildo :-)   I have two young children. Nothing is weird anymore.      Ziggler vs Jericho :-)      Just watched Pitch Perfect again. Sigh :-)   Totally hot. Going to a WWE house show in two days. Hoping to see him and a few other wrestling hotties :-)   It would make more sense to show the weight in grams. I guess younger children can visualize the size of a tsp better? :)   I am not certain, but from the amount of sugar in each bag, it would appear that they have been labelled as x number of tsp, but they have used a tbsp to measure out the sugar. I have seen this mistake before in a kindergarten class doing the same comparisons.      me too. I thought it was normal to wake up in pain every morning!   Soooo apparently I have a degree of color blindness...   I meant to add that the CBT course above is the one used by the NHS in Cornwall.   Online CBT course here -  http://www.cci.health.wa.gov.au/resources/infopax.cfm?Info_ID=46  Usually through your local NHS is a 6-8 week wait for high risk cases, slightly longer for lower risk, but it depends on where you are.  Private CBT is *very* expensive.  I hope this helps.   I usually win and throw the tp roll at him in consolation :-)   Thats not good :-( I hope you find your way back again soon xxx   I am between picture 6/7 at the moment.    Soooo space is fruity?   Well done!   You can see if you can get it in, but there might not be room today.   Well done on getting out of the house! :)   Thank you :)   Thanks, I hope you manage to get even a little done :)   Thank you :)   I know what you mean! I usually am quite good with my day to day lists, but I have had 0 motivation or energy to even write them recently!    Yay, scribblenaughts :)    Your sister looks EXACTLY like my daughter! I did a triple-take! :-)   damn onions   Hehehe someone edited it to "...and I like pizza'. I was too slow to get a screenshot before it was changed back.   I tend not to go far if there is a chance of snow, but now I have put blankets, coats, gloves and hats, and some bottles of water and snack bars in the trunk :)   Stay safe!   Hehe thanks :-)   I am :-)   I have Google reviewed them. I also sent a message of thanks to their head office.   I certainly have! Annoyingly they were all in the car the day before, but we took them out to take my husband to the airport and I forgot to put them back in the trunk!   Me too!   Thankfully it was the battery. Apparently it had been slowly loosing fluid and then with the sudden drop in temperature it just gave out. I hope your applications go well!   It was the one on S Gibraltar Wy and S Himalaya.   I hope your leg is ok :)   I stupidly went out to run some quick errands today assuming the snow would fall when the forecasters predicted.  The snow hit just as my daughters gym class ended. Unperturbed I parked up at King Soopers in Centennial to do my groceries and when I came back out laden with shopping and two hungry and chilly kids, my car battery was flat. Dead. Kaput.  So, now I have a car going nowhere, no coats or blankets, and two cold and scared kids.  I tried a few friends on my mobile, but no one was in or answering their phones, then my network dropped out.  I got out of the car (in a t-shirt and jeans) and looked under the hood to see if there was anything I could do.  The guy parked in the space in front of me got out of his car to check what was up. He too had a flat battery and was waiting on a friend to come and give him a jumpstart.   When his friend arrived, they tried to start my car first, but it was completely flat and we thought maybe the alternator was gone. They offered me a ride and a coat, but I didn't have anyway to get the car later, even if I called a tow.  I spotted an old Brakes Plus sticker on the car and called them from the superstore (they let me use their phone!) as I knew they were just across the block from where I was. The guy on the phone was very sweet and when I explained I had the kids with me and no coats etc, he offered to come over to the car park to see what he could do. He brought his own jumpstart pack, but the car was still completely dead.  He drove us over to the garage waiting room, gave the kids candy and drinks, me coffee and obviously most important - access to the restroom! He then went back over to the car park to fit a new battery and drove my car back to me at the shop.  The people I met today were so helpful and kind, I just had to come and say Thank You Denverites for being so lovely :)   I had to take some painkillers and woke in the night not remembering my name, where I was or who was in bed with me. I convinced myself I was a gay man. I am a straight female and the person in bed with me was my husband.      NSFW, tripod and timer.      Great link, thanks!  The 1st advert kind of made me chuckle with all the native/transplant conversations on here :-)   Last few days there has been an unmarked cop car picking up speeders in Aurora. On Quincy Ave, between S Picadilly and Gun Club. Usually with a marked car a few hundred feet up the road.   As a UK citizen living in the US, it feels that the hype and discussion around the election involves far, far more people than those who will turn out on or before Nov 6th. So Reddit, are you going to put your voice and choice to use? If not, why?   Done :-)   Nope, but only because I was driving out to Byers for the Dirty Girl 5k Mud Run :-)   Aurora, Colorado :-)  	74
 You're not weak.  You're just human.  Give it time.  But seriously, control what you can in order to heal faster.  i.e. don't go browsing his social media.  You'll only delay your progress.   When are you applying?  This fall or Fall 2014?   Depends on your profile (current job, undergraduate major, etc)honestly.  Your GMAT score is awesome, your GPA is actually higher than mine by a little so to hear you say its low is hilarious.  But a 3.2 in Engineering looks much better than one in Theater.   He's still in the "honeymoon phase."  He's probably not in love for real.  Pretty soon the allure will wear off.  More importantly, you have to be strong and not worry about what he is doing.  It sucks but all you can do is try to remove all memories, fill your time with things you enjoy, and move on.   I'm in the same situation.  Long arms are great for basketball for terrible for suit buying.   No prob.  I'm glad other people benefited from it.     I agree.  Every situation is different.  But I guess my post is assuming that you've done all you could to make it work but they still don't want to be with you.  I see that situation all the time on here and people are lost and don't know  what to do.  So they come on here and wonder how they can get their ex back because they've become so dependent on them and the thought of being without them is too much.  I'm just offering another way to look at the situation.   I wrote this in my journal as a reminder to myself.  Maybe it helps you guys:   **So you want to get her back huh?  (A conversation with myself)**   So you want her back huh?  You guys have spent 7 years together and she is the love of your life.  She is highly compatible with you and it feels like life situations are the only reasons you’re not together…    Hold your horses.  **You want to know how to get your ex back?  It’s simple.  MOVE ON.**  Assume you’re not going to get her back and live your life.  Be happy.  I know at first you thought that if she saw how miserable you were then she’d want you back.  *This is a horrible strategy.  All that does is create pity and guilt.*  It doesn't make someone want to BE with you however.  The same things that made you attractive in the first place are going to be the same things that would win an ex back.  If you’re happy and living your life you will be attractive.    It’s basic laws of attraction here.  Think about it, if the roles were reversed.  Has seeing someone sad and upset made you like them more?  No.  Actually, hell no.  Even if you feel bad you still don’t want anything serious with that person.  People like other people who enhance their life, not bring them down.  But if the situation were the opposite and you saw an ex happy and having the time of their life without you, you instantly want them back in some way shape or form.     The irony of all this is that when you’re on that journey you completely forget about trying to win the other person back.  You’re genuinely experiencing happiness.  Things get to the point where you don’t even know if you’d want to go back down that path with your ex.   Story of my life brah.  I'm a successful engineer who has went way farther than he ever imagined.  Now I sit at my desk and ponder what's next.  That's the problem with goal chasing... You're never satisfied.  I tried to impart this wisdom on my ex girlfriend who is grinding for her PhD at the moment.  I told her that once its all over and she has a job, she'll understand what I'm going through.  What sucks even more is that you can't complain about it because people won't understand and will say you need to be grateful for what you have.   What subreddit are you referring to?  I'd like to see the before and after shots as well.   I'm stealing this tactic.  It may prove useful in the future.   sauce?!?!?   As someone who has been there before and held on way too long, I implore you to find SOMETHING... ANYTHING... to put your mind and energy to.    Whatever it is you've always wanted to do, put your time into that.  Ever wanted to learn the guitar?  Go for it.  Ever wanted to learn how to code?  Well now all you have it time.  Trust me, it's the only way.  Because the only thing that's going to help is time and you might as well use the remaining time you have as efficiently as possible.  You MUST do this because the alternative is you could look up and still be miserable 2 years from now.  It's going to be tough but stay strong.  Eventually she'll be just a memory and it will be hard to feel any emotions about the situation.   I sat here for awhile looking for words of encouragement to tell you but honestly I know how that feels and nothing anyone told me would erase the pain.  So, I hope you get better.  Just know that you'll always have this community to vent to when you need it.  It does help to know that others have went through similar situations.   I remember doing this and getting yelled out.  "Why would you want to remind me of that?"  was her response.  LOL.  I'd say don't do it but you're probably going to do it anyway.   I had a 7 year relationship go awry when I was 27.  Have been spending the past two years trying to move on.  So yeah it sucks, at age 29 having to pick up the pieces again.  It's not the end of the world though.  Although I wish I could have seen it coming earlier and been settled in a new relationship by now heading towards marriage (maybe)   Sounds like an excuse to leave in my opinion.     I've been thinking about this alot.  Sometimes I can listen to a song about a breakup and smile knowing that others have went through the same thing.  Other times it just makes me sadder.  What do you guys think?  I kind of want to watch *Swingers* and *500 Days of Summer* again for some perspective but I'm scared it will make me really sad.  when I first saw them I hadn't experienced heartbreak so I could relate.   The first cut is the deepest...   I wish I could have read this two years ago.  (Ah, who am I kidding?  I still would have ignored the advice)  Good stuff tho!   Whoa, just let me say that I completely feel for you.  Me and my ex of seven years broke up when I was 28.  After all the ups and downs it was just over.  Like you she was my first 'serious' relationship and the first female I truly loved.  I wouldn't wish that kind of heartbreak on ANYBODY.  It's been almost two years and we're still cool but it still hurts.  I've had a girlfriend since then but I wasn't ready so I ended it.  All I can say is that you gotta try to do what you can to stay focused and give yourself time to heal.  The late breakups suck because by this point in your life you're thinking marriage and a family.  To have the person that you had in mind for that end it with you is a huge shock to your life.  Honestly, when I read posts from 18-22 year olds on here I can't help but chuckle.  They have so much life ahead of them and are way too young to be worried about it.  But I've also learned that getting your heart broken is HARD no matter how old you are.  Like they say, the first cut is the deepest.  I feel like I'm rambling but even though i'm only a couple years younger than you, understand that time heals everything and you STILL have time.  If you have a good circle of friends you can count on that will speed up the process.  I didn't have that.  Most of my friends went through this years ago and are married or heading towards it.  Reading articles and reddit posts with other people's experience helped me a lot.  PM me if you want to talk more.    This is good basic advice. That's what makes me so sad about my ex, she went from always being available to being consumed with her phd then breaking up with me. We're cool and tried to be friends since we were together for 7 years but I keep getting my feelings hurt because she's terrible at making the time to be a good friend. I told myself I'd wait until she graduates this year but I'm already pulling away.    I disagree with this. He has plenty to lose. Take it from me, I'm 29 and I can relate from having a 7 year relationship ended. Every time I break NC and reach out, I feel worse than before. Like he said it's selfish for him to contact her because he feels bad. She probably felt worse. Contacting her will probably only anger her and have him feeling worse. Best thing to do is move on and get over your oneitis. It's tough, especially at this age since it's the time when you feel like settling down.    Wow this is all too real.  Especially reason #1.  People will say you're jaded though.  I appreciate this discourse.  Thanks!   Understood.  But be honest, does part of you feel like your ex is preventing you from giving someone new a chance?  I feel like I'm doing this sometimes.  Whether consciously or subconsciously.   *bro hugs*   I tried therapy during the time I was on medication.  I went to a few sessions.  The jury is still out on whether it helped or not.  She gave me some good books and dvds though.  I'd continue to do therapy if it wasn't so expensive.  I get just as much from having a deep conversation with a good friend.  I miss my friends.  :(   Wow.  This is exactly what happened with me.  But trust me, you will have a day when you get angry and resent her for it.  You will have a day where you say, *"Why couldn't you stay together and accomplish your dream?  Why wouldn't you let me be your rock as you go through this process?"*  Truthfully, everybody needs support when they embark on a tough journey.   Holy shit!  Four years?!?!  People tell me I'm crazy for not moving on after TWO.  Stay strong my friend!   How do you get started with Cognitive Therapy?  Do you need to see a professional?   What you're saying makes a lot of sense.  I think I don't need medication because I'm not severely depressed or suicidal.  I still have my bouts but I was fine for the most part after withdrawing.  It's only an issue now because I've went through a major heartbreak and its sending me into episodes more than normal.  I don't want to do meds but if things get worse I may have to.  Being dependent on meds is my biggest fear though.  :(   I'm only speaking from my experience.  My doctor wasn't open to me trying alternative methods.  I tried Prozac for awhile (combined with Klonopin to help me sleep) and the results weren't good.  His solution was to keep taking it.  That's when I stopped trusting him.   That's awesome.  What does it look like during regular use?   Thanks.  I've taken GABA and 5-HTP as well for a boost.  I have a bottle of St. Johns Wort taht I never opened.  How is light therapy working for you?  I think I have SAD   Even if he doesn't want to talk you should say something to at least get it off your chest.  Oh and plan an exit strategy   I think it going away depends on a variety of factors.  My relationship with my ex-gf lasted 7 years so it's tougher for me to move on.  Sure we can talk more if you want.  Its therapeutic.  Maybe we can help each other.   I'll give it a try.   The past keeps haunting me.  Every little thing is a reminder of the *good* times.  But surely it wasn't always good?    Why does our brain do that to us?  :(  It's been almost two years and I can't even remember why we ever argued.   My tips...  1. Work on getting yourself together before you even entertain her. 1. Occupy your time and mind with other things. 1. Go out and meet new people.  Make new friends. 1. Ask yourself, if she really wanted to be with you would she be doing this? 1. Give it time.  You may want to not talk to her either.  I suggest NC because keeping in touch with her is only going to prolong your suffering.  Based off what you typed, she doesn't seem real considerate.  It's natural for you to think about her.  You're going to have your down moments.  You guys were a major part of each other's past, but that doesn't mean you have to be a part of each other's future.   Where's the 5th starter?   Usually I do good.  I'd say at least 70% of the time.  The other 30% of the time my scumbag brain plays games with me.  It doesn't take much to remind me of my ex.  It could be as simple as driving by a Target and thinking, "She loved to shop there."  I wish I had that device from Men In Black that erased that part of my memory so I could live life fully without constantly being reminded of my failure.   Oh I totally agree.  I'm just speaking on what usually happens.    It's the right choice but it will eat at you for AWHILE.  Trust me, I'm going through it now.  But in the long run you'll be glad you walked away and spared them future pain.   Ah... good ol' NC.  I'm torn on if it works or not.  It's definitely for you and not the other person.    I've been NC by someone before for years and didn't even notice it.  This person still contacts me from time to time and still can't let go.  So in this case I'd say it's not working.  Another ex went to the extreme and blocked me from everything and pretended like I never existed.  She seems happy but when someone brings me up or she gets a reminder I think she comes crashing down.  Maybe it will work for her.  Lastly, I've tried it with the love of my life and I just couldn't do it.  Most I ever lasted was 10 days.  But every time we talked and I got some stuff off my chest I felt better.  What I wound up doing was a progressional NC that went from us talking daily to weekly and me blocking her on twitter and gchat.  Not having everyday reminders of her definitely helped in my ability to move on in life but I still haven't 100% let go.  I'm working on it tho.  **TL;DR:  NC may not work and won't make sense in every situation.  Use your best judgment.**    Completely agree.  I ask people what they're thinking about and they respond, "Nothing."   I'm like how can you possibly not think about anything?!?!  The concept blows my mind.  Ignorance is bliss.   Your relationship wasn't perfect.  Your perception of the relationship was perfect.  These new found developments have shaken your perception of the relationship and you don't want to come to terms with reality.  "When people show you who they really are you should believe them"   I apologize if any of that was harsh.  But to be honest, as a man, I've been on the other side of this.  If you're really a good gf he'll regret it and come crawling right back.   Story of my life breh.  Sadly it's a blessing AND a curse.  My over analyzing makes me a great engineer but its terrible in other aspects of life.   Calms me down and relaxes me honestly.  Luckily I don't have addictive tendencies.   I thought this dude was saying "You're going to die alone." and thought to myself, wow what a depressing track to study to.  But he says "Before I die alone"   I haven't seen any online either.  I checked all types of blazers and they were all regular.  	50
 You're not a monster for the way you feel - that makes you human. As for getting hung up on girls, when I was in high school, I was a lot like you. Every time a girl showed a remote interest in me, I got hung up on her. There was one girl in particular who played me like a yo-yo, because she knew I was interested and that whenever she beckoned, I'd come calling. That right there destroyed a few potential relationships, other than the fact that I had trouble initiating the conversation with girls. It left me lonely and feeling like I wasn't worth the time of day. It hurts, it really does. But having feelings about a girl, and thinking about her quite a bit... I can only speak from my experience and from listening to/watching my friends and their love-interests, that seems pretty normal to me. If anything, I'd refer to it as 'day-dream fantasies'.   You don't sound like a monster to me. You sound like a human.   In regards to my own depression, yeah - I've had those days. I wake up feeling like I can actually face the day, only to have it ruined somehow, at some point. By the end of the day, I feel exhausted, mentally and physically, and when I get home, I don't want to do anything.  My best advice to you would be to speak to a doctor, explain to them your situation, and most of all - be honest. A good doctor will do everything in their power to help you, especially if they find that you are suffering from depression.   Sometimes, sleep does a lot to help. Trust your gut - if it's telling you to sleep, then go to sleep. Tomorrow's a new day, full of new opportunities. And sometimes, a bit of rest is all it takes to tackle those opportunities. And don't bring yourself down about 'not having a social life'. A lot of people lack a social life for a variety of reasons, so you're not alone there. You're a virgin at 28? Nothing wrong with that, either. And the people who would judge you on that are jack-hats, not even worth your time of day. Pay them no heed. Just be you, because when it comes down to it, that's all you can be.   Hang on to that. If that truly is your happiest memory at the moment, then hang on to it. Let it be a torch to light the darkness. I'm trying not to assume, but it's hard to believe that your brother doesn't have friends - we all do, in one form or another. I'm also guessing he has best friends - again, sorry for the assumptions, but what I'm driving at is this - he chose -you- to be his best man. With my own experiences of depression, I know what you mean - sometimes it feels like it's been months, weeks, years, AGES since you last felt happy, even if in reality you felt a spark of happiness, even for a brief moment, a few hours ago. My happiest memory that comes to mind was actually my own wedding - and that was almost 2 years ago. Since then, I've risked spiraling out of control a few times, and only recently went to my wife and family and told them "I need help, I can't do this forever, and I can't do this alone". Since the day of my wedding to today, I honestly can't think of any real, true happy memories. So the ones you do have, hang on to and cherish. They'll help light the darkness in your mind when you call upon them.   I may not know you, but I am interested in hearing what you have to say.   No problem. Take care, and remember - we're here for you.   I'm not an expert, but... maybe talk to your doctor about the meds you're taking? Again, not an expert, but what I did noticed is the marked change from "crushing sadness" to just "meh", with you being put on medications right in the middle of that. Again, not an expert, but potential possibility?   I was diagnosed with clinical depression at 16. Depression developing in the teenage years isn't that uncommon. I'm 31 now, and I still, to this day, have days like you're having now. Speak to someone, someone you can trust to listen. You feel burdened? Then find someone who doesn't mind helping you shoulder that burden. There's always someone - like here, right now. You're doing yourself a solid by opening up like this, and days you feel like you do now, come back here and let us know. I've only really been active on reddit today, but I've noticed that there are a lot of supportive people here, with varying degrees of experience with depression, with different forms of depression, and who are willing to share that experience and knowledge with you. I hate to bust out the corny "the more you know" quote, but when it comes to depression, it's true - once you find out what type of depression you're experiencing, you can research it. As you learn about it, the knowledge (at least in my case) helped. There's always a way, and you're never alone.   I do this to myself more than I'd like to admit. I'm a recovering drug addict, but I still have a few issues with alcohol. It runs in the family. So, sometimes when I'm feeling really low, I drink. The more I drink, the lower I get. The lower I get, the more I drink. See where I'm going with this. You're drunk, so yes, you are probably being a bit more honest than you're used to - but I'm sorry, you're also drunk. Drink some water, eat some plain bread to soak up the alcohol in your system, and sober up a little. I'm serious - because alcohol isn't a cure, all it really does (at least in my experience) is either cover up what you're suffering, or just magnify the pain. You are in no way, shape, or form wrong for feeling the way you do, but the alcohol doesn't help. Please, sober up, and if you're still feeling that suicidal to the point you want to take your life - all I ask is that you come back here and make your feelings and emotions known. That's what this sub is for, and there are people who are here because they want to help. Please, you're worth the fight, even if you don't feel like it right now. Even when you're sober and you don't feel like, you're worth the fight.  	9
 this is awesome   thank you so much for this... hopefully they dont catch on   genius   mood, self esteem, appearance. i have a naturally pretty large frame. 6'0. even when im not working out and eating pretty little, i drop down to 170 pounds which i think is pretty heavy for someone without much fat or muscle. i feel pretty ashamed if im out playing sports and im not strong or athletic.   also in the working world. when guys wear their dress shirts and tuck. if you got belly or muffin top, or your ass is sticking out of your slacks or your legs arent firm, even the nicest people cant help but treat you a TINY bit different. if you look good, you perform good, you feel good   math   these videos used to piss me off, but now i find it satisfying to see him get beat   popcorn...  ice cream...  chips...   all my major muscle groups have gotten bigger. deltoids and back saw the most growth though. also my abs push out now, not as defined as i want yet, but the abdominal muscles have definitely gotten bigger. been 2 months of lifting for me too. "newbie gains"   ex machina   LOL   oh definitely. im sure in the heat of the game, once they lose their cool, they arent thinking straight and arent considering slowmo replays/ refs watching.   also none of these plays are actually my favorite, if anything im poking fun at how stupid some of this is. i think any play that isn't a "basketball play" and can cause injury is really really stupid and could damage or even end another players career   oh was that last year? hahaha   darn missed that one    everything works out in the end   burritos   hahaha i do that when im checking for acne or food stuck in my teeth. looks like im trying to get a good angle for a selfie...  	16
 I found out that he was just using me to make my best friend jealous. she had rejected him just before he asked me out but didnt tell me about it until I had been with him for almost 6 months. when I asked him about it he just started going into an all caps rage and brought up a lot of painful memories from my past, calling me a worthless whore and telling me that I deserved everything that happened to me as a kid.    My best friend finally got to visit for the first time since she moved out of state. she is spending the week with me before heading off to see her family. she is practically my sister and its been hard since she moved away, so im really thankful for the time we have together.    my cat seems to have a taste in music. she purrs and acts all sweet when I play foo fighters, soundgarden, and nirvana, but she becomes all aggressive when my sister starts playing taylor swift or katy perry. does this happen to anyone else?    I have a lot of people I need to prove wrong.  	4
 Would have played football if given the chance. Probably could have actually gotten a few years of college out of it too.   I'm not blowing myself here either. I was benching 225 and leg pressing 1000 in senior year during my weight lifting elective.   Chance to go to Rollins for free....  Would.   You think that was a personal attack?   I'm genuinely curious, because you clearly aren't understanding what's being said.   Is English your second language or some shit?   Because you clearly have no idea what is going on here.   Oh Jesus. "The look what she was wearing" argument is blaming a woman for being raped because of what she was wearing akin to your statement that posting a picture of yourself on the internet is inviting creepers.   Creepers creep because they want to, not because they are invited.   You really need to calm the fuck down.    99% of US presidents is impossible unless you are counting Obama's white half.    Well, he *IS* from fucking Deland.   Is this one of those wear clothes for the job you want kinda thing?   So did I.   Take the deal unless its a known aggressive forward settler. Zulus/ Shoshone/ That asshole atilla/ etc.   I was hoping someone would have just superimposed that notification on this image.   I know. I just don't care.   Jesus Christ Napoleon, calm the fuck up.   Fit = attractive.   I freaking love tall - fit women.    Fit = attractive.   I freaking love tall - fit women.    Bring back pork barrel spending. Quid pro quo actually can help get shit through.    I've seen this on mine too. Even well before uranium is revealed on the map.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvo3O2k2le4   Might sound stupid but have you restarted your computer?   Alternatively, you can always mute the in game music.   My parents and siblings are all screwed up too. Its not good.    It doesn't say anywhere in the article that she was married or cheating.   So where did you get that from? I mean, who would just go on the internet and lie?   It was more about the parent's decision process.    Can't take kid to hospital. Can afford to go out to eat.   Something fucky is going on here.    For me, its those little moments of just being free while driving around at night. Or being bundled up on the couch when its raining outside.   The stupid simple shit is what I live for because I know I can't change the big stuff. I'll never be able to stop wars or even get people to not drive like asshats.   I'll probably never have children or a real family because I'm so fucked, but that's OK. Its not something I can truly control.   Crazy shit happens in florida.   I'm just curious.   It does seem like units from a previous era cost more (the same as current era units.)   Like a Gatling gun costs the same per turn as a machine gun.   Clearly there is no point in arguing with you, as any rational thought is lost on you.   Good luck, don't have kids.   I think you skipped over the seek professional help bit.   And yes, I do know what's up.   'Maybe' make some? You must have some decent level of tourism in order to compete.   Great works add to your culture output.   Really? Why?   Yes, I know, joke and all that...   **If you or someone you care about has felt or expressed thoughts of self harm please seek professional help or call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline 1-800-273-8255**   Work out, notice the gym girls are really hot. Get the gym girls to put my weights back because watching hot gym girls lift weights is nice.  I mean, c'mon, someone is going to do this eventually.   I'd rather fine an asshole. $10 more a month EACH time you don't rerack.   They either pay, or the asshole leaves.    Is it xp farming or something?      I'm on windows home premium and the snipping tool won't do it.    Idk. I'm not sober enough to deal with this.    TL;DR shit is shitty.   OK, so I just tried it in Photoshop CS5 and Windows Paint.    Both times I got just a dark gray canvas. My settings are all the way down because that is the only way I can run civ. Do you think that matters or am I doing some thing wrong?   EDIT: I really do have the city settled as described, and I don't want a bullshitter label. I just don't know how to screenshot without having a steam account.  I hit the print screen tab on my comp when I'm in civanf then I hitalt+tab and go to paint or an opened up Photoshop.    What difficulty level do you play?   Is there a hotkey for that of what?   I'm just not sure entirely sure with my HP.   Within the three tile range is as follows;   3 silk 2 salt 1 citrus 1 mountain within 2 of a city 1 banana 1 Deer Lake Victoria 3 Horses A metric fuckton of forest and jungle On a river And a partrige in a pear tree.  I really wish I could show you a screenshot but I'm not on steam and the graphics settings are at a minimum.   Typical /u/pennsyltucky   How are you doing? I hope you're well.   What do you like to drink? I'm generally a bourbon kinda guy, slow words, quick mind kinda dude.   How's your Sunday night/Monday morning going?   I generally only build units when I've been dow'd. Then I just sit back and let the waves of bodies fall at the base of my walls.   When I was playing as warlord, I would go america and just build a massive navy. The ai could never get that shit right.    I have never played as Monty.  I might need to after a while.   Stepping up difficulty and going outside my normal route via dom only.  English range after industrial is op. Currently rerolling to get costal. I normally go culture or science.    They have reddit in hell?    Nonsense, you are two.   Sexy as fuck and whatever else the other one is.   On the real though, if you were a nearby, available and willing chick...   Do you see my username?   Do you really think punishment is a bad thing?   So you're saying I shouldn't vote for you?   The fact that I can imagine these things in great detail and not be weirder out is probably a bad thing right?   I personally stay as neutral as possible. DoF with anyone who isn't at war with someone and let the shit hit when ideologies come around.   Generally though, I even stay friends with people who have a different ideology.    What is the main reason you declare war? A certain technology discovered? Religion conversion? Forward settling? GPT?   EDIT: I wish there was a "Go funk yourself" option to responding to trade offers.   It would be a hell of a lot quicker.  I'd take a continuous stream of rock salt before spiders.   Babylon- Order- Making like 15 gpt because that fucking french asshat is just swamping me with shitty units and there aren't any good trade routes.   I'm going to go out on a limb and say there probably isn't any damn uranium either.   Also, fuck autocratic napoleon neighbor.   My current game had HG goon turn 37.   Currently processing the paperwork on Shenanigans.   And you could incorporate diplomacy in there with a spy maybe being able to report the plot.   Brazil + sacred path + order = "Do you like brazilpop and blue jeans? Because that's how you get brazilpop and blue jeans."   Hiawassee/ Kirkman/ Conroy/ Old Winter Park Rd. 15 minutes west and south of Downtown.   You sound like my dad, I was really hoping for more.   Would actually like to see a domination only ai only ghandi only increased uranium game.   Darude - Sandstorm  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HQaBWziYvY  Because it's in Egypt.   One time I asked a girl to dance and she acted like I wasn't even there, and I only avoided asking people to dance for a whole month.   It'd be nice...   I don't think you'd enjoy that.   I know it's kind of hard to hear when you're up on your high horse, but I think you'd be better able to understand if you came down for like a minute.   Boom.   I was mostly going with Nazi is generally referred to as being German, so I was more or less asking what the Portuguese fascist party equivalent would be. Because of your flair.   It seems like the late 20's early 30's had sweeping fascism across Europe.    What's the Portuguese version of a Grammar Nazi?   Well, you go from writing the date a lot in 2012 to not writing the date a lot ever since. Like they finished school or changed over to a digital timesheet.   What are you on about?   The more influential you are over a civ with a different ideology, the less happy they are due to your influence.    If you have enough influence over them then a city can flip over to your control via a revolt.   US bombs UK.   Australia is like wtf m8?   I dunno, I don't really want to have to deal with sjw nuts freaking out about slavery and whatnot for a game I really enjoy.   I'd like to see revolution like a civil war. Your cities can break off into another civ. Same UU UA and UB but with a Revolutionary Leader.   I think that would be pretty damn cool. Flex number of empires would be a nice feature in general. Oh, this is a peaceful game and everyone is basically trying for a culture victory? Well, here's Attila or some other war civ.   I would make the supply line separate from the traditional trade route in that it doesn't really provide gpt for either. Maybe +1-2 for the owner.   And I like the idea of supply lines because it allows for the FOBs.    So I've seen some good ideas to make war a bit more realistic, and it seems that most revolve around units. I have a few ideas that might change the mechanics of war.  Supply lines. Acts like a trade route to friendly cities that boosts military unit production and maybe city defenses. You could prop a city state to defend itself against another civ or a frontier city.   Forward operating base. Much like a citadel without the adjacent damage, grants 75% defensive bonus and can be removed. If a supply line is attached it allows you to upgrade adjacent units you control for 33% more gold cost.   Unhappiness. For every 5 military units destroyed or captured in foreign lands unhappiness increases by 1. For every 5 enemy military units captured or destroyed in your land happiness increases by 1. The difference is reduced by one per turn after a peace treaty is signed.    You could say I learned less that day than if she'd left me alone.   Not familiar with the risky click of the day bit are you?   Oh man that glasses bit. I'm nearsighted and have glasses for it. In third grade we were reading out of the textbook, to ourselves and I took my glasses off to read. I could read just fine without them.   However my teacher, who had something against my family, demanded that I put my glasses back on and would not let me reply that I didn't need them to read.   I've hated that bitch and women who interrupt my sentences ever since.   HP pavilion g7 1.8 Intel quad 4gig ram and 256 video.   Its not ideal.   So is that what the farms and river look like when you can turn the graphics all the way up?   Comes with some sort of 'awake' promotion.   "Do you even know what "in context" means?"  No, I have no idea at all.   " I did not grow up in the top 5 percent, although I'm there now for income but not wealth."   You need to check your privilege.   Holy fuck, you are a goddamn moron. Use of examples, you stupid shit, are not the whole but part.   I have been saying, if you weren't to goddamned retarded to understand, that the top 5% of worldwide equates to like the top half of the US. So the implication that his family was super rich, WHEN HELD IN CONTEXT OF THE FUCKING COMMENT, is not as impressive as you claim it to be, you spineless, over-educated, under a stimulated twat.   I'm not discounting that compared to sub-saharan Africa or Amazonian Peru that's impressive, but when you put it in the US, not exactly fantastical.   Yes?   I always looked at it like this. You have X capacity to deal with crap. So you stuff the important things in and kind of ignore the rest.   When you don't have to worry about eating, paying bills on time, or if you'll go broke because you have to go to the er to get anti-biotics, then you fill the tank with things that may seem trivial to many.   Not to mention, if you manage to be worry-free, everyone fucking hates you because why can't I be rich and happy like that asshole.    It's crazy his highest passer rating came in 2009 at ~~40~~ 70 years old.     My first comment was 'its not that impressive' and then you get all moral high ground on me, and when I clarify, you think I'm pissed off.   Is there something bothering you, having a rough day, what?    No shit dude, but in the context of your comment, not a big deal.   You do realize that top 5% isn't really that impressive. If that were people based he could be the 300 millionth richest person on the planet. That's middle class-ish.   If you figure the average family is 2 adults, 2.2 kids you have 7 billion/4.2 you get 1 billion 666 million families. Top 5% families is 83.3 million families world-wide.   Not really that impressive.    Florida Man: replaces Rifleman has Heatstroke promotion, 25% chance of damaging friendly unit in next tile Or 25% chance of increased damage to target.    "not much" "25 lb vacuum"   Wat.   Edited post.  Should say accept refuse on the bottom if that was their real offer.   They really did set the bar on best cast/worst movie.   So it's Mars Attacks! all over again?   More Nguyens than NFC South this year.   You know that isn't how it works right?   C'mon dude, women don't drive black cars, they drive pink ones.   The nature of crazy fuckers is to find ANY reason. If it wasn't a cartoon, it would have been something else.    Drawings of Mohammed don't cause terrorist attacks, crazy fuckers who can't figure out that you aren't supposed to be a dick cause terror attacks.   Guys at NASA, "Dude, we totally need some high-speed cameras. (to fuck around with)"   That pump would have to create some really serious vacuum for this to happen.   	107
 Isn't he also in tv series Doll House? Love him!!  	1
 Ooh I wish it was that. Backpacking around Europe would probably be way more fun than being depressed haha   Thank you! It's much appreciated.  	2
 Wat   5 and Billy Joel. All I remember is wanting him to play downeaster alexa   gorgeous!   you put it into words, for real.    Can you show me your Andrew Mcmahon inspired tattoos? I love looking at them and I've seen all the ones on google :)    it really, really depends where you are. nobody carries guns in either of the town im from and i feel 100% safe. at college, i walk home by myself through downtown at 4am and im fine!   u r nuts   fetal   honestly, i love Adventureland and Zack and Miri Make a Porno. and Supertroopers.    for me, its like: depression makes me not care at all anxiety makes me care too much  i end up stuck in the middle, ricocheting between the two. it sucks.    hugs. ive been there. i swear on everything it gets better.    thanks for sharing this with me 3    Ned Vizzini. So, so much.   I read It's kind of a funny story after being diagnosed with depression. I was 16 and it gave me hope. It was semi based on his own experiences......and then he committed suicide.  still gives me chills   Does your hair look sexy pushed back?  (sorry)   Always hold the door open!   Introverts get their energy from being alone, and extroverts by being around people    most schools have a counseling center. start there.   Sorry I'm new to the sub. Won't happen again.     im just here to say wow yep agreed   i have clinical chronic depression and id rather be alive than dead   It was insane. There were flying midgets    Shit. Well here I am bitchez   Bless   Club coco bongo    I went down to where they were happening and witnessed it but didn't do much. It was insane the amount of riot police they had brought in looked like a whole fucking army    I got to Penn State and then the Sandusky scandal happened ha ha ha ha ha    You can buy crabs. Like the std/i.  My friend found this out I don't wanna know why   warped here u come   20f. You're attractive. Hi.    The kid in the neighbor did just one hit of the gluten and became addicted!!!!!   	30
 It's nuts! That committee is,well, fuck really committed to making me see things the way I used to when I was using. Today is a better day... Therapy, day off, did some feel good stuff. I try to do inventory daily on this app, but they've been mostly about myself lately.   I'm still trying to figure it out.   I think it's more complicated than a pattern of thought.   In a sense.   My depression. My self hate, I'm so used to feeling this way that it's easier than anything else.   I've been sober for two years. Ever since I was 13 I've been abusing drugs and alcohol. After multiple rehabs and outpatients and therapists and psychiatrists and anti-depressants, I've finally gotten sober. Keep in mind there is an entire 3-4 years of my life I've repressed, so I don't know what that holds. I'm in therapy now, I have a job, I'm in school, and I have a healthy relationship with someone who has 4 years of sobriety and loves me to death. I have great friends, a beautiful family, and I'm still hopeless. I hate myself. I'm not good enough, and this dark place in my head has been comfortable for so long that I can't get out. It's safe here and I don't have to face anything. I'm so tired. I've been on the go since I was 13, I wanted to grow up so fast, and now that I have I'm fucking exhausted. I'm just tired of not being happy with my body, myself, who I am. I refuse to take a compliment because I don't believe it. Please, tell me what the fuck I'm missing. I'm so blinded by my own self hate that I can't see anything but the obvious....ending it. I'm so tired. Help.   Maybe you did something he couldn't do for himself. If they break up that's a decision they made, not you. We don't have as much control over people, places, and things the way we think we do. Hang in there OP!   Don't over analyze it. If you guys are best friends, find a way to talk about it. Be honest, and move on. Don't beat yourself up! Good luck OP!   It warrants me popping them damn it   Thanks! It's not a big deal, they're like family, but thank you!   (3rd time posting, ever, all of which have been here, on /r/tifu. Still safe to say I'm an idiot.)  I still clench my butt cheeks thinking about this. It happened a few days ago. Friday night, busy, and crowded. I'm bussing that night, covering some girl's shift. Bussers at my restaurant are practically servers, except we don't take orders. ( we do all the fucking dirty work and deal with bullshit and get less money. ) anyway, I'm clearing plates off of a table, I mean, at least 8 or 9 heavy ass dinner plates, proceed to the next table To clear some more, when I start to lose my footing on spilled beer  (I hadn't noticed), and slide my ass into the splits.(I can't do the splits.) About halfway through, I drop all the plates, and violently grab a Patrons shoulder, clinging for dear life before my inner thighs rip open, crying out in pain. I quickly get up, mumble something alone the lines of 'fuckohmygodimsosorryletmegetoutofyourway', run/limp to the walk-in freezer, contemplate suicide, and open the door to find coworkers laughing in my face (not unusual.) I refused to go back into that section after cleaning up. I later had to walk over with my manager and thoroughly apologize while this guy and the rest of his family just stare at me like I just shat on their table.  Still haven't forgiven myself.    You just told my story. You just told my story and I can tell you from the bottom of my heart that it is NOT your fault. Life can be so ugly, and people can be so cruel, but that is one side to life, not the entire experience. You can get through this. If I can a get through it, a junkie for 8 years, who has never dealt with feelings until Sobriety, I PROMISE you can do it.    What is a 'normal' life anyway? It's okay, you're okay, and it's going to be okay. Don't give up, and don't be so hard on yourself. Take some time for yourself, breathe, meditate or pray, go somewhere you can simply be alone and learn to be still. Get it all out. Everything. Write about it, scream into your pillow, talk about it here, whatever you can do get your thoughts organized. Sometimes things seem worse in our head than they really are.   I am BEYOND happy to have read this comment. Please don't ever go through with it. I've been there, so many times, that dark Place in your head that is never ending and painful beyond words. I understand that, I do, and I Would be lying if I said I hadn't thought about it in the past week. But it gets better. Surround yourself with people who make you feel good about yourself. You don't have to do this alone. Look into therapy. It has helped me tremendously!!! I've been trying to get sober since I was 15, now 23, I'll have two years next month and I've BARELY learned how to communicate and be okay with myself. It's work, but I don't avoid mirrors anymore. Please don't give up.    This is the kind of situation where you're in complete powerlessness, and it sucks. Some people learn the hard way, and others reach their 'bottom' when they stop digging. Shit happens dude, I'm sure if you had known her plan you wouldn't have enabled her to do so. Hang in there!   What the fuck crawled up your asshole? Are you really going to lose sleep over a story you didn't enjoy? Take a deep fucking breath and count to 100 or something. Jesus fucking Christ.   These are the kind of moments I like to call 'butt clenchers.'   	17
  ascending to power levels   It'd have to be a really massive power level though.  Maybe over 9000?   60% of the people I get queued with on US E don't even speak English. Mic is actually less useful than alt clicking most of the time.   No. It only records 1 report per game. This is to prevent stacks from using 3-4 reports on one person with the intention of immediately putting them into Low Priority, whether the reason is justified or not.   Well in fairness a deso isn't exactly a high priority Lina item. Yeah it works but there are better items you should go for first.   Randoming is fine if done correctly and by someone that can play every hero well. Your team picked a support and a core than can function in multiple lanes and nobody has other heroes highlighted? Go ahead and random. 99% of the time your pick will be fine. And if it gets countered, well it was possible that whatever hero you would have picked anyway could have just as easily been countered. Nobody is willing to first pick a hero and the timer is almost at 0? Go ahead and random. The team has to then build around you (hopefully they do) regardless of whether you randomed or not.  Your team picked 4 cores? Don't fucking random.   Please format this better. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to read a gigantic wall of text. Paragraphs are your friend.   To touch on the muting part, I never report for communication abuse. The last thing I want is a muted player still playing ranked games and being on my team again. I report for Intentionally Feeding so if someone else does as well, they get Low Priority.  Am I abusing the system? Yeah probably. Oh well. They deserve it for being asshats.   I randomed as 2nd or 3rd pick on the team every game last night and am on a 6 game winning streak.  Randoming is fine if you do it smartly and can play all of the heroes to the level of the bracket you're in.   Team picked a support and a core than can function in multiple lanes? Random your pick. 99% of the time you'll be able to lane it somewhere without a problem, and the bonus gold at the start gives you a nice edge.  Team picked 4 cores and you haven't picked yet? Don't fucking random.   BoTs, Shivas, Hex, Aghs, Refresher, Blink/Force. Which do you remove for Skadi?    Nobody wants a 2.9k scrub on their team though. Which is unfortunate because the biggest thing I want to do in this game is actually play with a tryhard 5 stack. I've stacked with IRL friends before but they usually use the time to mess around and troll the other team instead of playing to win.   My opinion is that if you're playing for fun you should play unranked, and if you're playing to win you should play ranked. Obviously people will disagree with me, but that's how I've always felt in video games.  There's two different sides of matchmaking for a reason. Ranked should be for tryhards, unranked should be for casuals, practice or experimentation (most of the time).  IMO.    I'm seeing the midas/aghs rush in high 2k as well.   And I usually have a good enough ability to recognize what the team needs and can pick a hero I'm good at to fit the situation. I went up 200 MMR by spam picking Troll the past couple days but playing the same exact hero every game, especially one so overpowered right now, gets boring and feels like cheating.    However, some consistency is gained around mid-to-high 2k imo. By consistency I mean courier is bought at the start of the game.  Made me lol.  Played a position 4 Spirit Breaker (randomed it first or second pick) this past game. I ended up having to buy courier and every set of wards because the Techies refused to support. We eventually won though so that's what matters I guess.    Skull Basher on Sniper is actually a legit build  How? The only feasible option I can see for that being legit is having the bash chance, which is lower for ranged heroes, and we were playing against a PA. So he should have saved up for a MKB instead. I guess Basher gives you 114 health too but that's not worth spending 3k gold on as a sniper.  And if he was planning to build it into Abyssal I see the worth there if he gets jumped on, but realistically it should not be a go to item at all.   Probably. But in every sport or game, the best way to get better is to play against, and also sometimes with, people of higher skill than you.   Not saying I want to consistently play at 5k, but I want to try out a few casual games to see how I do.   Is that so? Because I just checked datdota for every available patch and 0 results came up.  Care to share which game? I'd like to see the outcome.   I wish there was a way I could just play a few games at 4 or 5k in some kind of practice mode or unranked so I don't drag down people's MMR if I'm the reason for a loss.  I feel like I have the game knowledge and game sense to perform well as a support or member of the team, it's just my mechanics of last hitting aren't up to par with their level to be able to adequately farm well enough to carry a game.   He played like he should have realistically. He sat in the back with MoM on and attacked people like he should have. But I made sure to pop BKB and go for him as soon as I saw him every time, especially if MoM was active.   It wasn't exactly his fault because I played the way I was supposed to, and in a way that countered him. And that's what you need to do against people that build MoMs. If you see it, blow them up. If you ignore it, you get blown up.   I know things like this get posted all the time, and this actually isn't a "complaining about my teammates" kind of thread.  I've played between 1.8k and 3.2k MMR over the past year and a half. Currently sitting at 2.9k.  Back when I was sub 2k, people knew nothing and at that time myself included. 10cs at 15 minutes, running into 3 enemy heroes solo, facepalm worthy item builds, etc.   When I hit 2.5k, it was a bit better. Usually 3 out of 5 of your team knew for the most part what they were doing or how to play the hero they chose decently. There was always the bad egg or two every game that still seemed completely clueless though.  When I popped over 3k, it seemed like for the most part it got better. People knew to farm instead of face rushing enemies at 10 minutes. People could actually land skill shots, knew to TP away instead of just feeding, etc. But I'm still finding absolute retards in most games. Last night, at 2.9k, our Sniper bought a Skull Basher. People still run into a jungle blind looking for a gank and get mad when they die 1v4 because the other team TP'd to a tower and counter ganked.   I'm nowhere near a perfect or pro player and I know that. Obviously we all have bad games where we get off to a shitty start and can't quite bring it back around. But I don't pick heroes I'm uncomfortable with or don't know how to correctly play, and that's still what I'm seeing even in high 2k. The game I just got out of, our Clinkz flamed the enemy Tidehunter for hacking because he didn't know Orchid didn't do an immediate instance of damage and Tide was able to Blink out before Clinkz could land the first arrow on him (our Clinkz was Russian though so that could also explain his toxic nature.)  My questions would be, assuming I can continue to rise in MMR, when will I see consistently a full team of people that actually know what they're doing all the time? When does the game become more of winning as a coordinated team rather than who has less noobs, for lack of a better word? When can I actually rely on my teammates to make good decisions and play well by themselves instead of feeling the need to be the captain/coach the entire game?    IMO it doesn't do that too much.  The MoM Sniper against my PA last game would beg to differ.   Sniper will be outputting the most damage on their team. He is usually the #1 priority. The way to beat a Sniper is to take him out of the fight first. If you're letting him get away with barely any HP, then it's your fault for not completing the kill.   He's annoying to play against, I agree. Just like every high dps hero though, the key is to pressure him early and gank him when he's trying to farm solo. It requires teamwork. An unfarmed Sniper is a useless Sniper.    where someone on my team had above 6k mmr.      There are gap-closers that you can pick that don't require Blink daggers though. Clock, PA, QoP, Pudge (lol), Tusk, just to name 5.   If you do require a blink, there is almost always an angle you can use to get in close. Obviously you can't just face rush into him because he'll see you. Use fog of war to your advantage, or use a smoke to get behind him.   You're making it seem like it's impossible to get on top of him. With good play by the Sniper it's by no means easy, but it's not impossible.   I've found the opposite to be true. Especially in 2k where you can go up against some absolutely retarded offlane combinations that make your life a living hell.  For example I played a Tiny game yesterday expecting a Batrider solo offlane, but the Sven went with him and maxed Cleave. So they just pushed the wave into the tower and continuously dove me after level 2. It blew. Even with a Magic Stick.  edit: We ended up winning the game fine and everything, and I suppose we did break even on the lane because their dives lead to a couple deaths on their end even though they killed me as well. It just made farming an absolute bitch of a time.    His isnt top 10 for anything.  Sprint makes him move at almost max move speed with boots. Maybe three other heroes have an ability similar.  He has an really good AoE stun/slow on an 8 sec CD.  Built in Bash.  His ult reduces enemy hero's armor more than all but 1 spell in the game (Weave) and also gives True Sight on a 5 sec CD costing only 25 mana.  Pro teams are picking him.   There are so many heroes far better than him at the moment.  There will always be heroes better than other heroes in some situations and worse in others. Slardar fills a certain role (as every hero is intended to), and that role is to essentially to amplify damage onto a single target and allow them to be instantly bursted down.   He's fine.    Make his ult a skillshot with aoe  Why have I never seen this suggested? Holy shit that would be awesome.   1. It would make the hero far more interesting because you will actually be sniping people instead of just clicking on them at 3000 range and it auto hits them.  2. All of the noobs who pick him and press R to win would actually need to get a little bit of skill in order to use the hero to max potential.    Shrapnel does a lot less late game than it does in the laning stage though. If your 3 cores have BKBs, Shrapnel is useless unless he's throwing it on supports. He could also hold onto the charges in case the enemy team is trying to run away after maybe losing the fight and play clean up, but that's not overpowered that's just smart play.    the fact you think im a dick makes you a complete dick, and now ill start trolling just like you and your buddy ellran.  This is why you get reported every game. They aren't even trolling. They're completely correct.   /thread    No other combo can beat this combo at early game.  Omniknight + anything. Position yourself well, ward the jungle so the CM can't just run behind you, if CM freezes your carry just Repel him.  Lane won.    please help  I'll contact the authorities post-haste.    Slardar is fine.    I think taking away the vision that shrapnel gives would be a fair way to ~~balance the hero~~ nerf him completely into the ground.   Not going to watch the replay, but being in 2k he's just butthurt you stomped him.    you will be out of the "toxic" bracket soon enough right?  The only way to get out of the toxic bracket is to uninstall and play something else.   Teammate sees lowest MMR person.  Abandons immediately.  Game doesn't count.  I'm fine with that.    ruined a game for ~~9~~ 4 other people.  The winning team is grateful for abandons in Ranked usually. Free MMR.   Have two different accounts. The first was calibrated at 1.8k in 2013, highest I rose was 3.2k in a year's playing time before a massive losing streak, turning 21 (drunk dota is bad dota) and general discouragement/giving up in games dropped me down to around 2.4k. Don't think I've touched that account in months.   Made another account, calibrated at 2.6k a month or so ago, sitting at 2.8k at the moment.  Which account?   At level 2 with Warcry you run at 330 ms. That's faster than every hero without boots except Ench (335) and Luna (330).  Sven can get a Soul Ring with the same timing as an Earthshaker, probably even earlier considering ES's usually don't spend their first levels doing pulls whereas a Sven could. He only needs level 8 as a support to have the skills you really want. Hell, you could even leave the stun at level 1 if you don't need the damage from it, considering the stun duration and cooldown remain the same at all levels and put points into stats to increase your mana pool if you're that concerned about it.    far enough to away to harras and too far for viper to hit you  TA's Attack Range = 140 + 60/120/180/240 depending on level of Psi Blades.  Viper's Attack Range = 575  All Viper has to do is stand on the creeps and orb walk you. You've never played this lane have you?    I was playing Viper.   You only need Soul Ring to be effective as a support early game. Storm Hammer has a longer cast range, longer stun duration and does the same damage as Magic Missile, for example. Skip Cleave and Ult. At level 2 you get the stun and a 12% Move Speed Bonus and +4 armor in an AoE around you. Buy a couple Clarities to support the buff until Soul Ring.      TA  Viper destroys TA in lane.   Hm. That's basically just Eblade excluding the dot.  What about an item that upon cast (Point Target, Unit Target?) creates an AoE root effect. Sort of like an Overgrowth but with a fast projectile? Atos is 3100, GS is 1600 so maybe make the recipe cost 1000 for a 5700 total cost?   A 6k lost mid to a 4k? Please post dotabuff so we can laugh at him.   Definitely Weaver. I know exactly how far I can push the limits of the hero before I need to Time Lapse, easy escape with Shukuchi, and is all around just a fun hero to play.   Also 6.81 Eblade/Dagon5 Tinker. I spam picked that and went up like 500 MMR. It was great. I still consider him top 3 but he's not as much fun to play any more.  And I have a 70% winrate with Bloodseeker over 68 games because he was the first one I really learned how to play over a year ago but I don't really pick him any more because he's so fucking easy to play now.   It's easier to win playing as a great carry with a shitty support than a great support with a shitty carry for the most part.   A game this morning ended up with our Sniper building a Skull Basher. I wanted to cry.   The most annoying thing is when your team is balanced and the enemy team just picks 5 cores or 4 cores and a greedy support, you dominate the first 25 minutes but can't finish that early and the comeback mechanics give their cores an item each after a team fight and then you lose because you're trying to fight into a fucking Sven, PA, WK, Tinker and Batrider that suddenly got an influx of 2.5k gold each.  Fuck that.   Played a game earlier where our Lina would Euls the enemy carry during our LC's duel insisting "it's the combo for my stun."  I face palmed so hard I actually hurt myself.   It could be 50%. I doubt it, but it's possible. The title is   Lets talk about Aghs Treant in Pro games  Well I'm talking about it.   Alchemist would literally never be picked even moreso than now. Nobody would play a hero where if you die you give MORE gold to the enemy team than you already do. That's asking to be ganked every time you show your face out of the fountain because you're a walking money pool.   It could work as a niche last pick.   Out of the 25 most popular heroes in 6.83 pro games according to datdota, the only ones with innate tree clearing abilities are Rubick (Telekinesis breaks trees upon landing), Venge (Swap destroys trees), Slark (Pounce destroys trees where he lands), Batrider (Firefly), Storm Spirit (Ball Lightning), Ember Spirit (Fire Remnant) and Io (Tether). If you bump it up to top 50 it only adds Lina (LSA) , Enigma (Midnight Pulse), Phoenix (Dive, Sun Ray destroys trees he moves over, and Supernova destroys trees in the radius upon casting), Jakiro (Macropyre) and Beastmaster (Wild Axes).   13 out of 50 are fine odds for me considering the level of effort some of those heroes would require to do it without a QB and gem.  I don't know that I agree with dumping tens of thousands of net worth into a Treant Protector safe lane farmer, but it could be a pocket strat.   Absolutely not. Then you would just get griefers who buy courier and disable the rest of the team from using it.   Every player would then basically have to buy their own courier.   Someone in my 2.8k game last night was adamant about picking Treant for safe lane hard carry farmer. Claimed he was going to rush Aghs to farm the entire map and then Mjollnir because Treant is so high dps.  Although it theoretically could work, we had serious doubts about trusting someone to actually pull that off and he picked AM. We still won so I guess it ended up okay.   So don't pick him into lineups that have those heroes? Problem solved.    i'm peruvian  RIP my sides.   If only the last pick jungle midas juggernaut I had the misfortune of playing with last night could read this.    For each enemy hero that dies in X range of alchemist, he will gain a charge   that when an enemy heroes dies in X range of alchemist, the rubber band effect is ignored and consumes a charge  So it does absolutely nothing?   You're not exactly supposed to win the lane against Viper, he's a lane dominator. He's one of the heroes you just need to shut down early. An unfarmed or underleveled viper is useless.   Troll absolutely destroys Sniper. If he's 1k MMR all he has to do is build Shadow Blade.    Pick Troll Warlord. If they try to go on you, go melee mode, pop your melee whirling axes so they get a miss chance, pop ult and murder them.  Also he's overpowered.   Really now?  There are only about 580 players on the Dota 2 Leaderboards showing at over 6k MMR. Europe ends its 200 player leaderboard at 6172, and China ends its at 6017. Americas and SE Asia drop to 5.7k MMR and 5.5k MMR in the top 200 respectively. Let's just do a math's sake assumption and estimate 11,000 players above 5k MMR even though that number is probably way more than the actual total, but I highly doubt less. And I think it's safe to assume that every pro is above 5k.  So what you're suggesting is that there are 4,389,000 people between 3.0 and 4.9k MMR (top 60th percentile being at 3k would mean there are 4.4 million over 3k, then subtracting out the 11,000 over 5k). The top 90th percentile in Dec 2013 consisted of 500,000 players. The top 90th percentile now would consist of 1.1 million players (if we round the current number up to 11 million).   11,000 of those people (by these numbers) are above 5k. So 1.089 million out of the 4.39 million we need to find the top 10% are somewhere in the 3.0k MMR and 4.9k MMR range. If 5k+ only holds 11,000 players, that means 5k+ is roughly the 99.9th percentile. Meaning 3k-4.9k would consist of 39.9% of the player base, or slightly less than 4.4 million players. We already know that isn't true, because of the relatively common occurrence of MMR discrepancies you find even in 4k, where teams queuing can have a difference of up to 500 MMR (and sometimes more) between their respective highest and lowest MMR players, whereas if you're queuing at anywhere from 2-3k you're hard pressed to have that difference be more than 50.   We can assume the players that were above 3k in Dec 2013 are still above 3k. What you're suggesting, again, is that in the span of 15 months, instead of 500,000 out of 5 million players being above roughly 3k MMR, there are 3.9 million NEW PLAYERS out of 11 million (4.4 million or 40% minus the existing 500,000) above 3k MMR. I have no idea how many of them have MOBA experience in the past, but I highly doubt that almost two thirds of the 6 million are above the skill level that would have put them in the top 10% of players only a year ago, also taking into account that a very generous number of the people playing Dota 2 in 2013 were most likely people with previous Dota and MOBA experience, already making them more skilled than someone who heard about it for the first time when its popularity took a meteoric rise. It was released for public beta in 2011. In the 2 years up to these stats being released, it'd accrued 5 million players. That number doubled in the next 12 months.   The skill difference between a 3k player and 4k player is very noticeable. The reason for that is the lower number of players in that range. Go between 2k and 3k and you don't notice as much of a difference, although yes the difference is definitely still there.  If I had to make an educated guess, the 99th percentile (top 110,000 players) would be 4500 and the 90th percentile (top 1.1 million players) would still be somewhere in the 3k range, probably close to 3750 on the high end. I'd place the 60th at 2200 honestly. Popularity doesn't bring masters. Popularity brings casuals. The masters are the ones who've been playing this for years, and they're the ones that fill the top percentiles. Obviously there are cases where someone picked it up and excelled immediately, but that's not every player.  I calibrated ranked around December 2013 immediately at level 13. Never even heard of Dota previously except for a friend mentioning that he played it and got me to install it and try it out. I obviously knew jack shit about the game, and was quite terrible even after so many games. Got put at 1.8k. I looked through some of those games a little while back, and it was plainly obvious how terrible I was, in le reddits opinion, from my builds and stats and just remembering how I used to play. And yet back then I was almost of equivalent skill as the average player.  I'm sorry but there's no way almost half of the player base is over 3k MMR.      This is anecdotal, but a game I played a couple hours ago ended up my team winning 63-26 in 38 minutes.   We were messing around at the end with a couple lanes of racks down and 3 players on 7 kill streaks or higher (it was a massive stomp for us from the get go) and we got team wiped.   2 of their heroes were able to buy full hearts in the span of the 2 minutes it took to get back to their ancient. 5 people on a godlike streak should only give 5k gold, right? Considering a godlike streak after 30 minutes usually gives 1k to a player maximum?   2 of their players ended up with at least 5.5k each. Seems a bit stupid to me.   I don't remember when I was below 2k, but in the past week he's gotten picked or at least locked at first in a decent number of games.   I like to think of it as ONLY 2 million out of the 11 million are better. Makes me feel less bad.   10% of 10 million (rounding down from the 10,948,367 currently on the home screen) is 1 million.  If you're in the top 90%, you're above 9 million people.  1% of 10 million (again rounding down for math's sake) is 100,000. If you're in the top 99% you're above 9,900,000 people.  It's basic math.   Is it just me or have Russians abandoned US E? I haven't seen a toxic Russian in months. It's all South Americans now.    Ursa jungle gets picked every 5 games or so in upper 2k unless you manage to convince them otherwise. It's annoying.   I hope they update that sometime soon. With the total only 50,000 away from 11 million unique players last month it would be really interesting to see if the numbers changed at all.   It's also crazy to think that if I'm 3.0k I'm "better" than over 9 million people at this game.  And then I remember that there are probably over a million people who use their mouse to click their spells instead of using hotkeys.    the STANDARD in an RTS ,which dota is, is NOT WASD.  And yet the default camera control in Dota 2 is WASD.  Bye Felicia.    Depends on what style you came from.  Do you know how to read? If you're coming from a FPS then you're used to and comfortable with WASD. WASD is far more common over every PC game than mouse movement. It's considered the standard and default (hence why it's defaulted to WASD in Dota 2) movement controls for PC games. Games that use mouse movement as default are the minority. Do games have an option to use mouse movement instead? Yes. But the standard is WASD.    I have played   Third person games use Edge Pan, First Person use WASD. Depends on what style you came from. WoW, for example, is 3rd person but also uses WASD. So it's definitely still common.   Playing on US E helps me learn Spanish, so I guess it's not all bad.  On a serious note though, it's actually really stupid that I queue for US E and have to ask "English?" at the start of a game to see if I'm going to be able to communicate.    have no clue why would someone use something like that.  Pretty much every PC game uses WASD as the default player/camera movement. I can't think of a game I have played where it's been different as the default. Therefore, it's what people are most likely most comfortable with if you've been PC gaming for longer than playing Dota 2.    I made a thread about this the other day. The consensus I got was that those 4 extra keys are used for your control groups to make micro'ing easier.   Personally, I've only been playing Dota 2 for a year and a half. Before that I used WASD for movement of some kind in every game for the past 7 years of online gaming. It's muscle memory at this point. I have absolutely no problem changing up my hotkeys a bit and reaching the two inches with my index finger to hit another key, especially being a hardcore WoW player for 4 years where your spells required you to hit 1 through = on a consistent basis.  You can try it out, but it's not going to magically make you a better player if you're not comfortable with it. In fact, you're going to have to spend a lot of time getting used to it and you'll be worse until you do.    It's about half and half. The South Americans are the worst usually as far as significantly stupid things   If its an Aghs upgrade though, its 4200 gold and an item slot. If you think about a late game sniper running Phase, Mjoll, Daed, Bfly, Mkb, MoM for example that's a fuckton of damage. But is replacing any of those really worth it? I mean I guess you can ditch the MoM, but I probably wouldn't.  And if he needs BKB in the game, that's definitely not worth it.   People do stupid things in literally every game I play in. I don't think that really applies.    since he has a tool to cancel them on his own  Only if he knows where they are. If you blink out of fog there's nothing he can do.   It's already in the game. Lifestealer Infest allows you to control a creep.   That's actually not that bad. The mana cost is 175/275/375, and aside from Skadi nothing he builds increasing his int. Add in another 150 mana if you use all 3 Shrap charges, it's not like he's going to get more than 2 off in a fight anyway.   Spam picked Troll last night, went 9-2 with the longest win only being a 38 minute game in upper 2k MMR.  This hero's retarded. I died 3 times mid lane before 10 minutes in two of the wins. All it takes is level 11 and an Alpha Wolf to solo Rosh and suddenly you're unstoppable. Proceeded to end the game 25 minutes later on a Godlike streak in both of them.  1 loss came from our entire team just getting massively outplayed, the other was a poorly taken fight that resulted in 5 deaths and only me having buyback and we got gg pushed.     Can we please fix the Sand King bot?  Silly me how could I have forgotten. I'll get right on that for you.   Like someone else said, if you're upper 4k you should try joining a semi-pro team or league or something.   I would love the opportunity to try that out because I play so much fucking better if I have a supportive team around me that cooperates with a game plan rather than playing completely solo, but nobody wants a 2.8k scrub on their team even if I offer to play support :(   There are so many games I could have won if the 4 randoms on my team would have pushed towers or taken Roshan after a team fight rather than going back to farm. But usually the way it goes is 2 don't speak English, 1 is trying to go for the highest GPM instead of the win and the other is a toxic feeder. But that's Dota pubs for you.   Slark is a hero that I haven't seen mentioned that absolutely shits on Sniper. Build Shadow Blade and run around ganking him.   Any hero with Blink initiation is great against him. Axe and Batrider come to mind.   The key to shutting him down completely is to wreck him early game. An unfarmed Sniper is still slightly annoying, but nowhere near as much of a threat as you'd think.  If he gets farmed, ignore the team around him and kill him first in team fights. He will output the most damage on their team if left to his own devices, and he's extremely squishy because normally people build him like a glass cannon.   Battle Fury should not usually be used as a damage item. It is a farming accelerator. Some heroes benefit from the Cleave effect in team fights (Ember Spirit using SoF, or Jug using Omnislash for example) but you really don't build this item for the damage at all.  It's core on AM because it accelerates his farm and makes him one of the fastest farming heroes in the game. It's core on Ember because of the synergy with SoF. Situationally, you can build one on PA as well to accelerate your farm and cleave massive crits. Not many heroes really should build this item though.   People build it on Kunkka as well, for reasons I can understand but can't adequately explain (something something double cleave effect idk).      So I live in Cincinnati, which is 2 hours away from Columbus and I really want to go to this.  Anyone have a website link or something with information? Do you need to prebuy tickets or anything? Google isn't helping much.   Eh Sniper is okay I think. Shrapnel is his only skill that MAYBE could use a tiny nerf because it's ridiculous in the lane but eh.  Troll on the otherhand is fucking retarded. I spam picked him the past two days and went 11-2. Base movement speed dropped by 10 is needed. Maybe increasing the cooldown on his ult by 10-20 seconds as well because if you have any enemy T2 down and you win a team fight, its pretty much instant racks regardless of enemy buyback timers.  Or just remove his built-in bash. He gets a free 3k gold item on a hero that every 30 seconds attacks at near max attack speed. I think removing the bash would make him trash tier in people's eyes though, which is usually what you want to avoid.   Could be that I've gotten better I guess. I don't know, I've bounced a couple times between 2.5 and 3.0 in the span of a week or two and I didn't notice it.   Didn't say they were bad. That's just their style of play half the time in 2k bracket. If two teams disregard farm and just kill each other, the winning team still gets +25 MMR.   Once you hit 2.5k pretty much everyone knows you need to farm, unless you're playing US E at bad hours where you get all South Americans that stop farming at 8 minutes and just start running at you.     People ask how to improve MMR to get out of 2k.  I gave them the solution.  Kappa.   I've played from 1.8k to 3.2k.  I barely notice a difference between 2.5 and 3.0   That's a good suggestion as well.  Or just pick Troll. I've won 5 out of 6 with him today even though I got "shut down" in the laning stage.   It's stupid. All he needs is Aquila/Phase/HoD and an alpha wolf to solo Rosh, then you group up and push. If the enemy team fights you, you win the fight unless you're extremely outplayed considering you have to blow cooldowns on an Aegis Troll or he'll annihilate your team, creating space for the rest of your team to come in and clean up, and if they don't fight you you just mow down two lanes with Battle Trance.  Rinse and repeat two more times, gg 35 minutes.   This was a tongue in cheek post to mock everyone always asking how to get out of the trench, while also pointing out the problem that the hero is plain overpowered right now.    Kappa     Why farm when you can pick a hero that has a 30 sec CD ult only countered by Omniknight and mow down towers to end a game in 30 minutes?  Kappa, but it's also true.   Not necessarily. The skill difference between 2.5k and 3.0k is hardly noticeable. If you spam pick Troll, win 20 games and jump 500 MMR, you're probably not going to drop like a rock afterwards.   Well, people at 5k for example are generally skilled enough to deal with a Troll. At 2k, you will rarely find a game where all 5 players know how to deal with a Troll, not to mention find a game where all 5 players can properly coordinate and execute the playstyle to deal with a troll.   Pick Troll Warlord before he's nerfed. He's instant win 90% of the time.   You're welcome.  ITT: Nobody understands tongue in cheek.    Right now lightning storm is pretty useless  80/140/200/260 nuke and a mini slow on a 4 sec CD. It's arguably his best spell considering Edict is situational, Pulse Nova is situational, and his stun isn't always reliable unless you have a setup.   I was in a game earlier where I mic'd up to tell the mid SF (who spoke English and had been typing previously) that Spirit Breaker was charging mid.  He responds by flaming me saying he doesn't use sound and I should have pinged instead. He proceeded to feed the rest of the game, even after I switched to pings. I hate people.   Darude - Sandstorm   I want to know what they base those "random" surveys on after some games are over. "Did you enjoy playing with ___ player" or whatever they are. Because 90% of those end up being either someone who was flaming the whole match or who was absolutely terrible. I always give them the lowest rating. Not sure what it accomplishes, but it makes me feel better.   I'm pretty sure every bracket is equally toxic.   Okay.   You're talking about someone in 750 MMR you dip shit. If they're 750 MMR, obviously they don't farm fast.   And you're also talking about someone who, if they knew how to farm heroes already, would be doing so. But you know what the biggest mistake of low MMR tiers is? Not farming! Ask anyone in this subreddit and they'll tell you the same thing. Avoid fights early on, get a gold advantage, and then go killing.  Your suggestion is completely wrong.   A snowball hero doesn't snowball without basic items. You need to farm for those. 20 minutes of good farm on these heroes compared to fighting for the first 15 and you'll dominate. You must be new.  lel   At 750 MMR the only thing you need to do is play a snowball hero and outfarm the enemy team. DO NOT participate in early team fights. Let your team die around you and focus on farming.   Practice last hitting in bot matches, get bigger items and levels before everyone else, and make sure you picked a tempo controller (TA, Bloodseeker, Slark, Nightstalker for examples) that can 1v1 win fights against heroes that are out of position.   The lowest MMR I was ever at was 1.8k when I calibrated a year and a half ago. Don't rely on your team at all. In fact, I'd mute them all and just farm for 20 minutes. Then come out with a higher net worth than everyone on a hero that can 1v2 or 1v3 if needed and massacre them.    when in fact they are (generally) of equal skill.  This is the part I don't get. I'm at 3k. Half the people I get queued with make me wonder how they even managed to load up the game in the first place, another 45% seem like your average player, 3% are actually hey you know what the fuck you're doing and then the last 2% are god tier.   I know a hell of a lot about this game from being active on this subreddit and watching pro gameplays. I can load into a match and tell my team exactly what items to build for situations, when to back in teamfights, what heroes would be best against their lineup or to synergize with ours, etc. The problem is most of the time my team doesn't fucking listen. (Trying to tell my team to take Roshan after winning a team fight when we're behind to reduce our deficit, give us another advantage, and also deny it from the enemy team. My team refuses to listen, the enemy team takes Roshan 10 minutes later and pushes to win. This happens constantly.)  I suppose it's my mechanical skills that aren't up to par with people of higher MMRs, but considering how many people (even carries) I see at 3k just auto attacking creeps or not using items/abilities when they need to I'm baffled that they're considered the same skill level as me.  And then if I manage to carry their 2-14-8 feeding support asses to victory, they rise in MMR and are viewed as higher skilled. Makes sense.   You need to get your diffusal before you're useful in any way. I still think he's best as safe lane to secure it asap, but I've been trying him offlane just to see what happens. With Soul Ring he's great at harassing a potentially squishy enemy carry out of lane if the supports rotate away.  I've had a 50/50 split as far as success goes, I've really only played like 6 games so far though.   Ideally you let your teammates initiate fights so you're not first target, but still ouputting a really high amount of damage.  I'm still tinkering with it, and not pro by any means.    Dagon 5 + Aghs is more fun.   Troll needs his base movement speed dropped by 10 and the health bonus halved during Berserker's Rage in my opinion. That won't kill the hero in any way, but it'll make him more balanced.  Axe...just fuck Axe. I hate that hero. No hero should be able to continuously creep cut your safe lane with a Stout Shield and RoP at level 2. It's fucking retarded. Especially if he has another hero with any kind of disable with him. You're just fucked unless it's a low skilled player. Change the scaling of his Counter Helix from 100/135/170/205 to 50/115/175/205 and it might be alright. Or cut down his starting health a bit.    I've been running him offlane recently. Starting out with RoP, 4xTangos, 1xSalve, 2xggbranches.   Soul Ring, Treads, Diffusal, Vlads, Manta, Skadi, gg.    Why isn't Kunkka picked more then?  Because he's not overpowered like Axe or Troll currently are.    Visage  Since when?   [Logitech M510](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41%2BcyeIQuSL.jpg)  2 buttons on the left side, I've only hotkeyed one so far and it's my microphone key. I don't use open mic because my mic is a piece of shit and I have background noise, so this makes it a hell of a lot easier than somewhere on the keyboard.  I think they're fine to use. It's the same logic as buying $100 headphones to play first person shooters. Whatever gives you the advantage over your opponent.  	117
 I am sorry senpai.   Perhaps what I am seeking is also seeking me...Alas traveller, I bid you farewell. I return to my question for the promised butthole   I see...has the butthole blessed you before?   What is this butthole you speak of? Is it the goatse.ru (nsfw) thing? I seek this butthole. Is it still around?      wow   He would be an amazing pedophile   He looked fat at the start and then this muscular athletic cheetah just sprints down there         The memories of surfing around Vermillion and the Seafoam Islands with Voltorb just executing every Tentacruel that popped every five steps   I heard it was pretty...Ghastly  EDIT: I'm sorry   I fell in love with LeafGreen at a young age. I still love going back to it    Fuuuuuck :/   Great!   I snapped my high e string on my electric and have an acoustic high e string in my pack. Would it work?   Ok so whats the actual answer   I study Plant and Horticultural Biology so in my field I don't often see it.    Spatial awareness level 99   "and a huge-ass bruise on my ass"  A huge-ass ass-bruise on my ass     'Oh hey bro... I was just uhhh...yeah...see the game last night?'   No I'm aware what a control in an experiment is, I was just saying it's odd because you don't often use a human as a control   I had the Friends theme song in my head while watching this and it made the gif more enjoyable   'Thanks Polar-Bro"   Great idea OP   I can see why he's now your ex-roommate OP   I always feel nervous when I see humans doing experiments like this, especial with the word 'control' in there   Sad to see North America is faring badly as Irish curling is rising at this time. Hopefully the USA and Canadian curlers can turn it around         She's gorgeous OP! Be proud :p      Awww Yissss. Motha. Fuckin. Freedom.   *sees post* 'The top comment is going to be about that movie' *clicks comments* *pleasantly surprised* *upvotes*   Radio W-S-K-E-E   Hello?      Condoms, condoms everywhere   Looks like a cell going through mitosis? :P kind of looks like spindle fibres going across and a few blotches of chromosomes in between   /u/doubledickdude   This re-inforced my thought that I really don't understand photography at all, I dont get how these are the greatest photos this year.   Yeah but where's the other half lol   Is checkers a passion of yours?   Magnus Carlsen and You_Are_A_Fuck are two things I never imagined id see in the same sentence      Love how only one ear is showing for Van Gogh      Suicide is never selfish or foolish. It's when you have tried everything and are exhausted. Broken beyond repair. Its cleansing yourself the only way you can      Boil water. Pour water. Done   Check out @iLoveTeensDaily's Tweet: https://twitter.com/iLoveTeensDaily/status/440222519233368065         What happened to the 200 OP? :'( why did you give away your collection      Do you have any interesting links?   Definitely not a rapist   I thought this sub was about the mythological character 'the rake' thats why I came here just now   Always need the nuts on my blower   I AM READING EVERY COMMENT IN A MORGAN FREEMAN VOICE AND IT IS AMAZING   was it really worth it?      Van Gogh   The first picture is Krist Novoselic in drag that's all I know   Geometric!   r/spiders here, Looks like an old molt that's gone mouldy! More than likely the spider is still hopping around in your cellar, keeping the bugs at bay :)   What is the red flash?    People like you pollute this sub and r/spiders   Calves appear to be the least painful according to this, what are you planning on getting?   Jack Black: The Early Years   Wow      Going to be tough sleeping tonight OP   Be careful with the pointy parts on the soldiers, Could easily hurt your tarantula if she hits them in the wrong places   Aww :3   They actually make great pets!   Just an old molt. Spiders shed their skin every once in a while so nothing to fear :)   I really like that spider   Lars which band member has the weirdest habit? (Can be you too)   Hey Lars, what's the best show you've ever done?   Skeup the red   'Fuck off' is my Norton irl   Her change in facial expression is what gets me every time    Good god how is this on page 3   /r/trypophobia   Thanks so much! :)   This still doesn't make obesity okay   I read this as 'beard art' and discovered an entirely new art medium   Damn I love that banf   True now to think of it   Nope, In fact I dont have one! Hope to get a G. Rosea soon   If you've seen the Lord of The Rings trilogy, we all remember the Shelob sequence. It would be sweet to recreate the scene a little, have a nice suitable enclosure and match it a bit to the movie. Then, Put the Frodo and Sam 'Warhammer' (a game involving painted detailed inch-high figurines) on the outside of the shelter. Thoughts?   It's as if she's popping out a clothes store fitting room with a new outfit!  "Hey OP, don't I look fab??"    What's her name? :)   Great comment 2xw, There are some great people here   Is she mature?  Could you imagine the colors if she still had a good couple molts in her, wow. Great specimen, and nice picture OP!   She's gorgeous!  Well taken care of and great that you kept a good eye on her during her molt. Lovely spider!   I love the eyes on spider 2 :3   Woodlouse hunter spiders have an orange/red tint at maturity so that might explain it. Hard to scale   I just have so much love for these spiders   Substrate is an inch thick      American Christmas Tree  	103
 Self driving cats huh?   And here I thought Salvador Dali did an exhibit on mushrooms. But observing art whilst on mushrooms is also awesome   So your self portrait kind of looks like The Rock with glasses   Contessa /s   I'm reading through the comments right now, but I don't have a question. However, I would like to thank you for taking the time out of your schedule to provide some fairly detailed responses to the questions presented?  Edit: had to add a question mark   I'm pretty sure I've seen this exact scenario with different names in almost every episode they do.    How racist would I sound if I said that sounds like a black name   danger zone    DANGER ZONE!!!   Steel as a first name sounds alright. Steel as a last name means porn   How is everyone?   Went to the bar to drink, came home, snorted 3 lines of Molly, been smoking weed all day.       A new report shows your brain is broken    Miley y u do dis   Just watch the guy troll porn stars on efukt   Drinking whiskey and contemplating my new years eve plans. About 200 mg of tested MDMA, waiting on some 25i, pineapple express, and more whiskey for new years. Trying to balance what I want to do between helping my friends out. It's a debacle since I work when my dealer is sleeping and am off when my dealer works.   Go 25i lol always been a personal preference    Round 1: I like to think a river of souls, or over 2 million souls would consume most any size of opposition.      Round 2: Alucard (even though I'm Hellsing biased. What do you do against someone who is able to regenerate perfectly with even 1 soul left?     Round 3: Even more Alucard winning.    Bonus : Eehhh   Sweet potato 8/10 Sweet potato with rice 11/10   1: A bunch.    2: More than that.     3: Even more than that/ all of them   One of my military buddies always tells me that 2 hits of acid will make you legally retarded...his words, not mine.    It really wasn't. I would have felt like a lonesome journeyman either way   Continuing they have. Being ok with the fact that time is irrelevant right now helps   Update: added music. Even better   /r/tripsit is being unresponsive and I figured I'd bring on me having some time off work. I wanted to relax, smoke a few hours, so I did. I also picked up an eighth of shrooms that I recently ate so there's that on the sensibility   Just not much to do at 230. No work or school or anything the next day so smoked for about 6 hours before eating an eighth of shrooms about a half hour ago. I just have no one to talk to and I usually have someone around   Batgod batprepped  for this batuation  (bat situation) and thus wins, no matter what. Batgod prep force  All   How much preptime does the billionaire have?    Sounds like that guy was really bad to warrant such action. But hey, hindsight is 20/20   Definitely my parents. They were both multi-sport athletes who were likable people. I was a hybrid between mathlete  and athlete  (moreso mathlete) with a dry sense of humor, abrasive personality, and an ego larger than a pair of JNCO jeans.       Thanks unnamed Youngster   Ricky wore a pompadour of sorts so no on the buzz cut, but everything else?  Pretty much   Christmas lights    Alcohol: I hold conversations like a normal person when buzzed (not drunk). Drunk me is fun though.  Weed: This world is too serious, sometimes. I unwind after the competition and rush of everyday life.   Benzos: Rare, but usually only when I need something done or my social retardation goes into overdrive.  Psychedelics: I like to see things from a different point of view, especially when it is something through my own senses.  Mdma: When I want to party and enjoy myself, but I don't want to drink. Better than alcohol honestly, just less socially acceptable.   Mine changed their number twice because in their words "some sketch ass was tryna get demo, and I don't fuck wit it." But yea, my dealer and I are reasonably good friends, and I respect their wishes of not being sketch    Why is it every time I see Comcast and say something, I'm comment number 666? Am I Satan?   His name is Robert Paulson   A couple favorites actually.  Snoop Dogg: creates peaceful hip hop, moves to reggae, smoking weed the whole time. Then, he develops edgier music that culminates into songs about smoking, and a general disregard for the law. Point: dudes still smoking weed either way.  Behemoth: multiple lineup changes, lead singer gets and ungets leukemia, and the music is still metal as fuck either way. Mostly the same back and forth for me.      /r/shittyaskscience      /r/nocontext   Boobs/10   How do fucking magnets work?    Jew?    Hi Kanye    I have the weirdest boner right now   Smoke weed. Listen to Biggie. I approve   Batman   I just saw this. Most poeple respond within half an hour to an hour depending on who sees it   Also,  Christmas was originally Yuletide, which was originally a pagan holiday blah blah blah    OP'S friend here. Sorry for being an asshole. She got drunk as a skunk and needed to be taken home. She tried sobering up but dudes wanting to fuck her kept buying her shots at the bar. If you want to talk tomorrow, I'll be available all day before 3 and I'll text you when I can at work lol   It's a comfort thing personally. Most people shouldn't be dicks about it, but for those who are, you might have to talk your way through it. Personally, every one who I do MDMA, or Molly even, around knows I do so they aren't too worried about it   He would be my ace over basically every other ace in existence.   Not feeling the bar so I decided to come home and put on some music .   My friends always seem to pull me aside whenever my pupils are dilated.    How's it treating you right now   Eyes are some of the most fascinating looking things around. My only complaint is that every substance I do or take seems to alter them, and make them a clear giveaway that "I'm on something.' I love the look of my eyes when i'm on certain substances,  but I wish I could find things to do that either wouldn't make my eyes extremely bloodshot or make my pupils dilate to the size of dimes.  Marijuana = bloodshot, 'lowered' eyes  MDMA/Molly/MDA = Dilated eyes 25i/25c = Dilated eyes Cocaine = Dilated eyes Alcohol = I don't look at my eyes when I'm  drunk. LSD = Dilated Eyes Adderall = Dilated eyes Benzos = I don't fuck with em much. I have an addictive personality.   One is an extreme anti drug hypocrite who would ruin it, and the other would likely either try to get me fired from my job or ruin my social life    Dude I know the feeling. I'm going to a decent get together this weekend (about 50 people) and I'm avoiding acid strictly because of two people who I refuse to trip around   Would that festival happen to be Coachella?   If I could teach them how to ride a high, or get them to take a tolerance break, then they wouldn't need as much weed. I took a 2 week break (went from almost an eighth a day to 2 hits) and the high honestly felt more genuine for me   Yea but it's kinda my fault for being irresponsible with my smoke and finances in the past   Life only has as much value as you want it to have, and most people aren't going to care what you do one way or another   I know OP in real life. Some of our other friends were wanting to see if I wanted to buy weed for me so they could smoke it. OP and the girl did their own thing, and I had another friend come pick me up.   Edit: the plan we for me to buy an eighth and then smoke them out. Knowing these guys, they would smoke the whole eighth, and I don't exactly have $50 a night to drop   I use the term safeties, others use the term trip sitters. Basically to make sure you don't freak out or put yourself or others in harm's way   Context: I tripped with a couple of friends last night, but I left because some others in the group were trying to get me to buy weed so they could smoke it. I had another friend come pick me up to be my safety. I couldn't explain to him what kind of vibe I was looking for (words were hard) and he tried his hardest to set up a good vibe. So I wound up watching Deadman Wonderland and taking breaks to look into the mirror. Basically, I had an awesome trip, but but I wish I could let people know how to be the best safeties they can be.  Edit: Safeties = Trip Sitters    I'm glad you enjoyed your night bro. Sorry I had to split. I started getting a peer pressure vibe off the guys to buy weed.    An eighth of weed, 2 mg Xanax, and 800 micrograms of 25i. Does that sound like a good idea?      Comment #666: give me the Devils Karma   Jonesing. I told people it was dumb. Now I say it a little too often   OP is a faggot   Upvote  for using the word tachyon   No idea. I prefer heartstrings because it sounds more powerful   I miss my time at BSU   Shrek is love. Shrek is life   Pikachu. 10/10. So long as we count the movie with Mewtwo, Mew, and all the aggressive clones. Shit tugged my heartstrings.       In mobile it shows me the link and I have to confirm that I want to follow it   Username does not match the bad feelings lol    I just wanted to fuck  because I have this thing for nerds.  Same situation. Other gender.   Law Creation.  Round 1: I make the best lawyer because fuck my opponent, I just remake the law to fit my convenience.  Round 2: Phoenix Wright utterly kicks my ass at everything law related.    I think Stephen Curry has this about 5 days of the week.    Kiryuin Satsuki always wins. She always finds a way to win. /s   I'm Lorde   Weren't these two used as an indicor of the approximate tier of base Hulk? Just curious    Secret Santa be over the top   I read captain marvel and captain America and thought you were a dumbass for posting an obvious stomp. I apologize   What about jeans and a T shirt? Too hot for jeans, but not hot enough for shorts? Or too cold for t shirt, but not cold enough for long sleeves   That is Hell   [r/bestof]   Has anyone mentioned The Blacklist? Season 2 should be coming back soon. Two words: James. Spader.   Who would dare bet against Samuel L Motherfuckin Jackson   Ok Flanders    You're in the eye of the shitstorm   Shrek=love=life  FTFY   My story exactly. Except replace hash oil with plant   What size did you get to at the end? Just curious    but there's a notable user on this site who believes hulk can stand up to an enraged hulk..  Something about this doesn't sound right. Mad hulk  unmad  Hulk    Reddit makes me hate Contessa with so much of a passion   This past week or so have shown me that Loki is so much more than the trickster you're supposed to see in the movie universe   I appreciate the tropes    "Even though Superman is no longer bloodlusted, he is still trying to unalive you."  Still supermanfucked.      Master telepath in wheelchair vs incompetent delivery boy who is immune to telepathy. I'll buy it      	106
 All that this has teached me is that this community is a bunch of sissies like seriously, what exactly is scary about it.   What's so bad about this? It's just a spider with a bunch of baby spiders on it's abdomen. Even the person in the video doesn't look scared.   Underworld - 8 Ball  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pdhyviKR5R4  In case you unterstand german this one  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bKanoutDiek   It's always like this in the early season. Hype gets created and as the season goes on and LCS ends the hype is gone. I mean teams are still figuring out how to optimally play the game so anything can happen and any team can look strong(UoL). Atleast the games are super fun to watch.   	4
 I know it depends on where you live, but that seems crazy! From what I've looked up I've seen somewhere around $10.   I definitely get that. Thanks!   I'm combo/oily myself, so that's perfect! Do you have a reason that you prefer it? Thanks(:   That sounds great, thanks! I'm an NC25, do you have any idea what shade I would want to pick up? I'm horrible at choosing the right shade. Thanks again(:   Hello lovelies,  I am absolutely in love with MAC foundation, but have finally admitted to myself that, as a highschool student, I cannot afford it. (Yes, it was a sad day.) Do you guys have suggestions for what I should switch to, being on a LOW budget?  Thanks! xx  EDIT: Powder suggestions are welcomed as well(:   LOVE THIS! Absolutely gorgeous(:   Same here! Doing this for the sanctity of my (future) marriage and to get closer to God. There are some more personal reasons as well, but that's what brought me here!   I feel you... Ten days can do amazing things to you(:   This is the story of my life.   Agreed.   I agree. His name is Peter Joback, and I don't find the appeal...   I love Samantha's Christine!! But Peter... I don't know... definitely not my favorite.   I knew it! Haha, that's hilarious!!   I don't know why I click on that...   I would've instantly freaked out before taking the picture...   Morpheus is currently down, so maybe! That would be awesome.   My bad. I thought it was a retort to the "No."   I see now. Thanks.   Ah... Thank you.   ...an apostrophe?   Stop. Reposting. This.  Please.   Woah. I had no idea that they were literally knots. Thanks!   Woow!! I wish I was that creative! This is amazing!   Thanks! I would have really freaked out not having heard that!!   Thanks(:   Thank you(:   Awesome and gross. Haha okay. I usually gets vitamins and what not from Walgreens because they're cheap, but I was just wondering because I couldn't just find B. They were mostly B-12 and B-Complex. Do you have a preference, or don't know?  Thanks for the quick reply(:   Which vitamin Bs do you take?   As you've seen, treatment is available, and you should be okay. Sorry for that scare. I hope you're doing okay.   STDs are not funny. Even when easily treatable, they are diseases and definitely not fun. Sometimes it's too late to treat anyway. I think he'll be okay, but it's definitely a cause for concern.   You did an amazing job!! I think it honestly looks better than the original...   Thank you for that(:   The thing is, I don't really have a reason. I read about all these people who suffer so much from it and it made me decide to try and quit. It's like I know it's good for me, but I haven't gone through much of anything making it bad in the first place.   Just getting turned on in general. My body says I want to, and even when my brains says I don't, I relapse.   Thank you for the support(:   Thank you(:   Hey fapstronauts. So I've been feeling really lost and alone on my journey lately. We're 60,000 strong and yet I feel really alone in my chalenge. Maybe it's because I don't post enough with you guys, but also because 1) there's noone I know personally to relate to with this and 2) I feel kind of like a minority here being a 15 y/o girl. My weakest temptations are the ones that make me fall, and then I sometimes don't even feel bad. Any words of advice or inspiration? Mostly, I just needed to vent a little.   NoFap, thank you for existing. Someday my life will different.   I don't know if there's something wrong with me, but that speech at the end made me want to cry. Thanks for this.   I definitely think it's harder as a teen with hormones, our brains not being fully developed, and whatnot.   I'm fifteen as well. Good to hear from other teens(: If you scroll down the page you'll see nine buttons, one of which says reset badge.   As a singer, that would be my dream come true.   The overall quality isn't quite what you'd want on a headshot. I also avoid windows because they provide really uneven lighting, which is really bad for headshots. Accent your eyes, they're gorgeous!   The camera angle is too low, and the attention draws to your clothes as opposed to your eyes. Smile also looks a little fake and ... awkward. Overall, it's a good picture of you, but not a great headshot.   This is the repost of all reposts,... but I still think it's hilarious. Have an upvote.   Figured that out recently, and I have. Thanks, though.   That sounds awesome. In the past, my mildest urges have gotten me to relapse. Hope I have that kind of self control someday(:   Totally agreed. It was like her jaw was nailed together. Also, she needs to put her chin down. It was like she was drawing a picture with her head.   Well, she did a great job!!   Best of luck to you. It's not an easy journey, but it's an amazing one. Make sure you set up a badge so you can track your progress with us(:   I'm so happy for you(: Do you remember when your urges kind of died down? Just curious. Thanks!   Totally agreed. I don't post too often, but I check the page everyday and usually comment quite a bit. Even if I just look at the top post really quick, I feel like I have so much support around me.   I think that would make me cry, and fap anyway... But hey, it looks like it's worked for other people(:   So cute!! I love that look! I usually see it with blue, but the pink with blue eyes looks GORGEOUS!   "I Have a Dream" and "I Dreamed a Dream" are very different songs...   Thanks, I'll try that(:   I've tried that, and it didn't even kind of work... Thanks for the advice, though(:   It's not that we can't, it's just that if we don't notice, we're gonna get an ass full of toilet water. I know a lot of girls are way too bitchy about this. Most of the time I notice and put it down myself. Most women figure that men just have to aim closer, but women may fall in.   Congratulations! Good luck on your journey, it's a hard one. Be sure to set a counter so you can view your progress! Also, have an escape plan. Plan something very specific to do if you feel the urge to relapse. As someone whose relapsed a handful of times, this is *very* helpful. Again, good luck!   Sex. Sex. SEX. Yeah, my cure for a headache used to be to masturbate. I'm feeling pretty calm now, but if any more websites suggest sex (or masturbation for me), then I'm afraid I might do just that.  Has anyone else come across this problem? Any tips? Good way to get rid of a headache?  Thanks guys. I'm so happy I found this subreddit. I know I'm only on day 3 now, but I have a feeling it's gonna stick this time(: Love you all.   I found it. It's right by the small lake. Hope that helps!   Very true. Thank you.   Just spent a few hours playing around with this house. It's amazing!   You're not alone...   Yes, I agree. This is a little insine.   You look fantastic! Glad to see you happy with your appearance. You're gorgeous. Keep posting.   What a title.   She does say that she can't live up to me a lot, but I don't know what to do about it. I can't stop being myself to make her happy.   I agree, but she won't go to counseling. And I've been to enough to where if I can be in a good, calm environment, I would be fine.   No. It starts with an M.   I was diagnosed over two years ago. I don't talk about it anymore.   Today's my mom's birthday and she's sitting downstairs crying. My sister thinks her life is over because she isn't in honors classes and is sixteen years old. My dad is too old to be dealing with teenage drama (he's almost 62). My sister hates me because I am happy, confident, and know what I'm going to do with my life. If I want her to be happy, I can't. She throws these huge temper tantrums, and everyone hates each other because of her. Not to mention, I have clinical depression, but I'm afraid to talk about it since she's already so messed up.  I don't think any of us can be happy until she leaves.   That is one beautiful dog!!   Having a pause button. I'll be sitting in class thinking, *wouldn't it have been nice if this morning once the alarm went off, I could have just paused and gotten all the extra sleep I wanted?* Or pausing just to finish my homework. This seeps into my thoughts all the time.   Ohhh.... Thanks!   Still don't get it... Care to enlighten me?   Did anyone else read that as hashtag one? I'm ashamed of myself...      It didn't help that it said Texas in the title.   I was so hoping that this was a gif.   Very true, and I am feeling better now, thank you. Hope you are aswell(:   No, but I've been through treatment before. There is a history of substance abuse (alcoholism) in my family, and I'm too afraid that I'll get addicted. I stay away from that kind of stuff. It's just not right for me.   Exactly... Thank you so much for the support.   Huh, I never thought of it that way. Thank you so much(:   I don't know, really. It's more depression as the disease than depression as the effect of something. It's hard to explain, really, so that's a completely valid question.   Thank you. I know, there really isn't much to say, but it's comforting just knowing that someone is reading this.   Nothing went wrong... I don't know, I just feel bad. My heart is kind of sunk, and I don't know why. Depression just sucks. It's always looming in the distance, but it wasn't too far away today. I'm normally not to stuck in my depression, or at least haven't been too sick for the past few years, but today, I feel bad.  This is a lame post, I know. I just needed someone to talk to. Thanks.   I don't even... Wow.   You're amazing!! Keep it up, you really have a talent there!   You are my favorite person.   I totally understand. Either way it's a good look(:  	90
 Much of what you expressed here is explained very well by the Jungian concept of [Shadow Self](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shadow_%28psychology%29). It's very normal and understanding it can put you in control of it.  If the Wikipedia article makes any sense don't stop there. There is a wealth of information on the web about Jungian psychology and the Shadow Self.   Great advise. I'm 57, wasn't diagnosed until my mid-30s and am highly allergic to SSRIs, the go-to family of meds that are known to work for most depressions. We still haven't found a med that can help me but SSRIs will help 90+% of the people who need them.   Depression worsened for me with age. So if I must suffer so greatly what is the point of living? Only to advise and encourage others through my knowledge and experience.  As you so wisely put it,  Don't leave it until it's too late. Nothing is going to change unless you make it.   People at risk need to be continually encouraged to endure until an effective treatment is found. On one hand we want and are taught to be strong and "pull ourselves up" but on the other hand, if anybody had ever looked me in the eyes and told me, "This is a life-long, life-threatening problem for you that you cannot ignore," I might have listened. No one told me.  Like you, I was permitted to abandon my treatment time and time again. The mental health bureaucrats can only do so much. Their job is to help in a clinical setting. But outside of that setting it is up to people like you and I to try to make a difference for people at risk through our encouragement.  The only thing left for me is to try to encourage others to avoid the mistakes that I have made and I've succeeded in a few cases I think and there is satisfaction and gratification that.  	2
 I used a small bit of wood under each corner to prop it off the floor and to keep the carpet from getting hot.  Cheap easy lol.    Exactly. c:      The xrays do :/   That's sorta a huge breach of client  confidentiality isn't it? Unless they said you could post this    ;)  you would    Not my bike no idea lol nothing i bet haha    Thank you! That one is mine c:   Nice i have the same year/bike in green c:      Yeah i went last year to and was in some serious race boots hiking is hard in thoes haha    Yeah i dont know many other women riders either is a shame really    Nova?  Its in Ontario Canada       The way the horse has its head makes the horse look fake to me. Like its a big stuffed dead thing she's posing on for fun. Even if it is real? It seems very fake.    Loved this game the most too. Wish they would do a 3DS remake or something   	16
 sarcasm?   wut?   True fact, she's a [brunette?](https://www.google.com/search?hl=en site=imghp tbm=isch source=hp biw=1366 bih=677 q=pamela+anderson+young oq=pamela+anderson+young gs_l=img.3...577.5091.0.5148.23.11.1.10.1.3.394.2533.2j2j3j4.11.0...0.0...1ac.1.11.img.3kWeiXIX5Xs#hl=en site=imghp tbm=isch sa=1 q=pamela+anderson+high+school oq=pamela+anderson+high+school gs_l=img.3...49022.53126.0.53293.16.16.0.0.0.0.382.2586.5j4j1j4.14.0...0.0...1c.1.11.img.WNTISSL1iRQ bav=on.2,or.r_cp.r_qf. bvm=bv.45645796,d.b2I fp=6055078d5844dc90 biw=1366 bih=677 imgrc=84c7w_KsGPMjGM%3A%3BO8IF6uPmMDjs9M%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.womens9.com%252Ffiles%252F0%252F0%252F0%252F1%252F00013866.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.womens9.com%252Fview%252F5067%252FCelebrity%252BYearbook%252BPictures%3B560%3B375)   Binge eating is considered an eating disorder.   This is getting gross.    ^  exactly what I am referring to. impossible.    Judging from your comments in other posts, you do exactly what you are telling StressCavity not to do. Sorry to call you out, but you are extremely obnoxious. Sorry.   lol   I've lived in various parts of China for many years, and I have never seen anyone eat a dog. It might be considered a delicacy, but contemporary China isn't into it. In general.    I took this in Beijing. In general, the Chinese don't eat dogs or cats.    "For a ruling party which follows Marxism...." China, you are more capitalistic than the US.   OP is a creep.         You're a better person than me.    Ha train_subject2712 is an inside joke. While you're banging a girl, you spin her around like a top.   We have plans to meet, and flesh everything out. I will definitely have someone on call. Thanks for the helpful tips.   The guy that theorized about the Brown student earlier today. Are you santa?   False. I mean for people in general, that might be a god way to figure out if you are gay or not. Not you specifically. Defensive much?  	18
 Still.   Yup.   Ah ha!   It depends on what it is, the person's health, and how extreme it is. But for a contortionist with no health conditions that cause it they would have to train very carefully and make sure their muscles are toned just right, and so on. In that case it would be no more dangerous than being a runner that takes care of themselves. Though there is always something that could go wrong just like any other athlete.   Finally. I was beginning to wonder if you even existed. You really don't like them in any kind of preparation?    I'm right there with you. I hate the radio.   In a field at a festival. It was way late so there weren't many people out, but it was the main stage field. I was in a long skirt and we stopped after a minute and went back to his tent. That guy is the reason I get turned on when I am in a tent now.   Every once in a while I look up how to do an emergency tracheotomy to make sure I remember. Just because it could be useful.    Potatoes. I have been trying to find someone who doesn't like potatoes in any context.    Smoking crack.     Just kidding, that would make a way more interesting show.       Seriously though I would need to bathe more, put more makeup on, and maybe trim my armpit hair.    That makes me sick. I can understand cruelty towards other people more than animals or children.    I was working at a dog rescue recently. There are so many embedded collars. I can't believe how many people can do something so horrible to such sweet innocent critters. Some of the sweetest dogs I know have sickening scars all the way around their necks. It's heartbreaking. One of my favorite dogs ever has it and I hadn't even realized until I felt it. It made my stomach drop. People are disgusting. Dogs being tied up with zip ties, extention chords, and massive chains to be left outside like a lawn ornament and forgotten.    People talking. Especially when it is completely unnecessary information. Or some stupid conversation that other people are having while they find it appropriate to be loud enough that no one around can miss any of the story. Then there's people like my mother (who I love dearly) that will turn a simple question into an essay by rephrasing it six times so you have to answer it over and over.          Fuck, I need quiet. I am such an irritable dick.   Hypermobility. As in being "double jointed". I hate that term.       So I know a little about contortionists and plenty of the medical side of being hypermobile. I like anatomy. All the things that can go wrong are neat.       Not that that is all that interesting to anyone but me.   This isn't that bad. But when I was a teen I was covered in severe hives for three months. My whole body was covered in hives. My hands and feet would get extremely swollen as well as my face and throat. I had to go to the ER a couple times because of my throat. A couple nights I would wake up and my lips would be inhumanly swollen. So I had to constantly worry that would happen to my throat and I wouldn't wake up until it was too late. I already have really shallow breathing when I sleep.        I also have a medical condition that has several different types. Out of the six types one of them can cause potentially fatal heart problems. But I can't get any doctors to think it is important enough to get me to a geneticist so it can be tested. So who knows.   You can often tell you are fertile by the consistency of your discharge as well. Normally around ovulation is when your discharge becomes clear and a similar consistency as snot. (I know that is a gross compression but you know what I mean.)       So yeah. Vaginas are neat.   No I'm on mountain time. But I don't sleep much so time doesn't matter.    How do I summon you? I need this in my life.         *I am so alone.*   Yep.   Those little craft kits and stuff. Chemistry sets are the shit. Ant farms. Those ltitle bug caching sets. Even a magnifying glass will keep a kid us for a while.       I'm a 23 year old woman and I really want a fucking ant farm.   Posted nudes on reddit. He is not too keen on that shit.       [For the record I deleted the most recent ones.]   I tried one of those on top of my cymbalta for my chronic pain and it immediately made me feel hopeless so I didn't take it again. But I know they still do wonders for a lot of people.    I was on them in high school and briefly when I was 12 and they didn't help. That was prozac and welbutrin. So I have done what I can to manage my depression and anxiety on my own. Then about 10 months ago I began to get sick and it kicked my depression into overdrive. I don't know what it was but I went totally crazy. I was constantly pissed off and pretty much every night I was screaming and crying and punching myself in the head/pulling hair out/or digging my nails into myself until I bled.       It was really scary and I was completely unable to control myself.         So I saw my doctor and she prescribed me cymbalta. Somehow I got lucky and that was just the right one. I still get depressed about things but I am not insane anymore. It doesn't make me weird or anything, I feel like it made me myself again. Now I am terrified to get off of it.      I should add that it definitely suppressed my sex drive. It is actually kinda nice because usually my lebido is all over the place and driving me crazy. My boyfriend doesn't have a very high sex drive and now we're long distance so it actually works out. It also makes it hard for me to orgasm which is a little annoying.    My dad is white. Mom is Hispanic and Filipino so her and my sister are totally brown. I was born brown but it faded fast and somehow I am white. I feel you.    I seriously can't stand people constantly trying to give me advice. As if I never thought about fucking yoga before. Like I don't mind feeling like shit and haven't bothered to try and fix it. Somehow they think it is more important to them than myself and I am just dumb because they totally know the answer and I am just stubborn. Ugh.   Yeah its my new favorite term.   That I can't work or anything because of my health. I need to get on disability but I am sick of people giving me shit for it. All I want is to go back to my job but I can't. It's not like I think it's cool to need to get on disability at the age of 23. Unfortunately it is necessary. Yet people can't seem to believe that I know what my body is and is not capable of. It makes me feel like I am lying. I constantly have to remind myself that I am not faking it and mentally go through why I know my conditions are real.   How many random strangers gave me dirty looks. Sometimes I notice but for the most part I am oblivious. When I am with other people they are always put off by it and point it out. So it makes me really curious how often it happens, I assume a lot considering how many of them actually make a point to be rude.   It always works for me. Whenever I have to do it it's because I have a bunch of hard smallish poops that are all trying to get out at once like it's 5 am on black friday. A finger in my whisker biscuit can get those bastards to go single file and I save myself from bleedy fissures that stain my panties in the wrong spot.   That has to have pretty high water pressure. Maybe I just have a tight asshole but I feel like it would take an unsettling amount of pressure to make it in there.   Only when I have to. It's just a job. *I'm so misunderstood.*   Or sheets of used gauze.   It just doesn't make sense because we have been so committed to each other. We have plans for the future. Even a couple weeks ago he was talking about getting a house.    Ever since I went through puberty if I get a cold or some kind of flu it lasts 1-3 months. It sucks. Luckily last time I got sick I had strep and managed to get rid of it in a few days by drinking a whole bottle apple cider vinegar.    Yeah I saw a really great psychiatrist at the pain clinic I was going to here but then I saw one of my pain specialists right after. She was refusing to be helpful and even said shit like "Sorry I don't have any magical powers that can fix you" and "Why do you want a diagnosis, would that make you feel better?". So I probably won't be going back there.        I figure I will find another psychiatrist ar some point.    Never seen that before. I bet that is super convenient. I would want the extra plastic to waste though. I have a weekly pill sorter. I love it. The boxes for each day even pop out so I can take one with me if I leave for the day.        [I need to decorate it](http://imgur.com/W9IQvFu)   Um. I think there is kind of a general rule where we're not supposed to encourage people to kill themselves.    My general practitioner there isn't qualified to treat me. The pain clinic basically told me I was too far gone and didn't even know where he would start with treating if he were going to. Which obviously he didn't, he just turned me away. And the rheumatologists wouldn't let me talk and spent *maybe* a whole three minutes with me and then told me to go get some x-rays of my back which I have no problems with.        Since I have been away I have had another three doctors pretty much do the same thing. Apparently I'm not supposed to mind that I have crippling pain all the time at age 23.   "I try to continue living as well as doing what I can to make it the most bearable. It involves a lot of crying and Netflix. Yeas of expirence has made me one of the best in my field." Haha.   I might be interested.    Yeah that's pretty sucky.   Ha. Yeah I just thought I would point that out.    I think so to but I am imagining that once they knew there would be a child it was too late to find the guy by then.   This is really the best way to go about that.    Maybe your dad know he was having sex with his precious little girl in his own home. That would force me to kick out any one that was not family also.                   I think that if someone related was fucking your daughter they should be kicked out too.    I think it could be forgivable. Dad's tend to do stupid things when they think they are protecting their daughters. Everyone fucks up and has secrets. It would be much different if they already knew she was pregnant when he had him leave.    I think he might admit it is she goes about asking the right way. Even good people have dirty laundry.    Well gabapentin is sometimes used to help prevent seizures but every once in a while it also causes them. And I just happen to be prone to getting weird side effects that sometimes are the opposite of what is supposed to happen.    I know how it is. Every disappointment just pulls you down further. Everything just keeps getting more fucked. But it eventually does have to get better.   Haha. I get you there. My pain has always been around but it became unbearable when I got more physically active. I had to quit my job and leave my life behind to get treatment. According to my doctors the only way to get better is exercise. So that's cute.    It's not crazy ramblings. I know exactly what you are dealing with. My depression  was really fucking me up when I first started getting worse with my pain. I eventually had to leave my job that I LOVED. It's totally shitty. So when you say your life is shitty I believe you. But it will get better and you will push through it because you have to. You are allowed to feel dumpy but you have to keep in mind that it will get worked out and you will feel better and get to be happy again. And I'm not saying that as a person who got better. I am still fighting to get there and dealing with every stupid fuck that inevitably makes it more difficult. But it's all we can do, in the meantime we have to just try and find things to occupy ourselves so we are less miserable.    You are not alone. Nor are you a wuss, we all had to come to that realization. I completely understand how you are feeling. My depression is pretty severe whit my pain on top of it but luckily I found meds that help. You may be in a shitty situation right now (and believe I totally get how that is) but you will get to a point where it will start to get figured out. I try and convince myself that I know there will be a solution so I can have a life again because I am positive that there is much more my life will have to it. There is just no way I am meant to be stuck unable to do anything. I know how that sort of thing is hard to accept when everything seems so fucked and you are trapped way down under your depression but it is real.       If you need to vent you can PM me.   Oh jeez. That's crazy. As long as you were only eating food I guess. Haha.   Now I wonder if gabapentin was doing that to me too. But I think it's normal for me to want brownies constantly. I had to stop taking it though because it was giving me pretty severe muscle seizures. That was annoying.    That's amazing. How are we not friends?   Yeah tramadol makes me a little weird. For some reason I never want to eat on it. And it does make me constipated but not as bad as everything else.    I know exactly how you feel. Even most doctors I see tell me "diet and exercise" and then pretty much tell me to fuck off. Even though I'm not even overweight. I hate that so many people can't grasp the idea that people like us don't have that small of an issue. Yeah sure if I have a head cold I will make tea with lemon and blah blah whatever. I even had strep a while back and I cured it by drinking a bottle of apple cider vinegar. But tumuric is not going to touch my connective tissue disorder. It is fucking absurd.       Even my dad won't fuck off about drinking kefir. I like probiotics and all but I have a different problem. Maybe some of that shit will help a tiny bit but not as much as my real drugs do. The next person that tells me to stop taking my cymbalta and start meditating is getting punched in their stupid fucking mouth. Yall don't want to see me unmedicated.   Yeah that sounds like a whole different flavor of crazy. Haha.   That's not what they are talking about though. We know weed helps a lot of people and that's why people get medical marijuana. Doctors don't generally prescribe parsley.    Step 1: Quit behaving like a dick.   I like to craft and alter my own clothes. I hardly sew but it doesn't have to take much. I also have made stamps and decorated my own shirts and stuff.        For a while I was working as a musician, I mostly play my banjo ukulele. It's really nice because it is way easier on my hands than a guitar or mandolin or whatever. I was starting to learn stand up bass but that is not only way hard on the hands but it is basically a full body workout. But ukuleles are great and don't take too much physically. Lots of fun to learn.        Damn. Hopefully you can just try some other meds out. I take tramadol because it doesn't get me high (I tend to enjoy the high other stuff gives me so I avoid it). I would like to get Tylenol 3 for breakthrough pain because while it does make me high it also makes me sleep so I would only take it if I really needed it.   Oi. I have EDS also.   Thanks. Yeah I have been thinking about trying CBD but I haven't really had the chance. And the whole money thing.   Yeah I know plenty about weed. I just cant. I am female but it's a bit of a grey area. Ha. I might actually be interested in testosterone and it's side effects except for the emotional ones. I am already an irritable person.    Thank you!    I absolutely agree about going to a tattoo parlor. I got my nose pierced at 15 in a salon and they used a gun. Which is no bueno.        It may take some shopping to find the right artist. Lots of tattoo shops have a shop minimum that would be a huge waste of money for a little dot. But there are reasonable tattoo artists out there that will give you just the right experience.    I have never heard of any kind of bad reactions for our type from getting tattoos. As a matter of fact I have seen several of us that have plenty tattoos. Like /u/sidsuicide who may be able to chime in on this one.       I imagine that the only issue could be skin tearing if yours is fragile. Mine isn't very fragile but some parts like the insides of my arms are and my tattoos do fine there. You also might take a little extra time to heal than others. But if you are getting a little dot you should be pretty safe. My best bet is that it will be fine as well as look great. Dita Von Teese has that and she definitely rocks it.       Good luck.    Yeah that is basically what I have been doing but every doctor I see won't take me seriously. They refuse to acknowledge that maybe a diagnosis of a disease they're not familiar with could be important. I'm 23 and had to quit my job that I loved (I cry every time I see a doctor because I just want my life back) yet they just tell me diet and exercise no matter how much information I give them. I have asked for tramadol because it helps a little and also doesn't get me high but despite my demeanor I am treated like a junkie.       Does weed work for you? If it did for me I would just use it all the time regardless of what state I am in. Unfortunately it just makes me worse.    I see. I'm  stuck with a fibro diagnosis right now too.   That is interesting, thank you. What is weird is that I definitely have serious POTS symptoms (get dizzy and lose my vision when I stand up and shower). I also have some skin stuff like cigarette paper scars, fair skin with visible veins, vericose veins, but what is weird is that it's not stretchy at all and it also isn't fragile.    Thank you!    I honestly would love to have an outdoor toilet.    Yeah it is so tedious. That's nice that it helped with being in the hospital. I'm 23 and have it all figured out and still can't seem to get any doctors to take me seriously. Despite the fact that I am obviously in enough pain that I had to quit the job I loved and leave my home 200 miles behind to seek treatment.       All I have gotten as far as diagnoses is fibromyalga and arthritis. I am fairly certain that all my suffering is caused by EDS, POTS, and dysautonomia.    Thank you. I will have to do that.    Wow. Why? Did they think you didn't fit enough criteria?    I am worried about it a bit despite the fact that I fit so much of the criteria. Also how many of you have more than one type? It seems fairly common but I have mostly seen people with hypermobility and classical. I suppose that might just be because they are the two most common though.       Any tips on dealing with doctors and obtaining my diagnoses or anything of the like would be appreciated as well. I'm having a rough time with doctors and pain.   Yes. Sometimes I have to to help relieve the pain.   One of my best friends wasn't given a middle name so she could choose it herself. She chose Indigo.    Awesome, thank you.    No shit dad.   That would be so great.    Oh yeah?   Gives me headaches and hives. Doesn't help pain.   I understand. But I would absolutely trade whatever beauty I have to be free of pain.   Maybe not the worst but it was the most offensive because of how strong it was.      Doing laundry for a dog rescue I worked at, I opened one of the bags full of blankets and towels from the kennels that were covered in urine and poopy. It almost knocked me on my ass. We were way behind on laundry so it must have been ripening for weeks. It was also a hot day in the ever so delightful New Orleans humidity.     Obviously ammonia is bound to be bad but that was a whole new level. Not to mention that they use the towels for cleaning along with bleach. So I was basically working with chlorine gas.      That was the dirtiest job I ever had as well as the best job I ever had.   I was just talking to my best friend about the first person to accidentally make booze and then proceed to drink it. You would think as soon as you tasted it your immediate reaction would be that it must be bad for you. General rule of thumb is that if it makes your tongue numb or burns going down it will probably kill you.     Then she pointed out that it was probably drunk out of anger; *Shit I stored my wheat outside a while ago and I just remembered it rained a few weeks ago. Fuck. Tits. Oh great look now its all ruined. Look at that its gone completely bad and its all watery. Fuck it. Fuck this. I'm eating it anyway.*      And then they are all drunk and the world is a better place for a few hours.   Any kind of canned product with the tabs to pull them open would break.        To not have chronic pain. I am 23 and have had it my whole life. Now it is worse and I know it will never go away. I have tried everything with no avail. It even caused me to leave my job that I loved. I basically cant function or have a life. Telling my friends I couldn't hang out on my birthday sucked.      In theory I will eventually find doctors that will not only listen to me but actually be interested in treating me. All I can hope for is enough treatment that make me well enough to be able to take a shower and go to the grocery store in the same day.      I am at the point where if I were diagnosed with some aggressive form of cancer I would be relieved. At least they would have to treat me.         EDIT: It's nice to hear from the rest of you chronic pain homies out there. We are a large but quiet breed. If you haven't visited /r/chronicpain I highly recommend it. I have gotten a lot of comfort through that sub.       Also I have  a connective tissue disorder so it won't be getting better.    New Orleans was a bust. Seattle hung me out to dry. Now I am going to stay with my mom near Boise. Is anyone getting treatment around there?    Dandruff shampoo helps me for a little bit then makes it worse. I use coconut oil on my face and armpits when they are all dry. You can also use it on your scalp and try and ingest a lot of it. If you use it on your scalp leave it on for a while. Like a few hours. It's kinda a pain to wash out but it helps. I also use it on my lady bits when I shave. It's good stuff and it smells nice. I usually find it cheapest at asian markets. It is also antibacterial. If you're feeling brave you can use it in place of body wash if you don't mind being kinda oily for a bit.    Yeah I probably will take some pictures. The diagnosis for POTS actually isn't that big of a deal, it's the one for EDS that is more important. EDS would be the cause of the arthritis, POTS, and the dysautonomia. It could also cause heart problems that need to be checked out. The symptoms from POTS are whatever. I can live with it and I have been since I was little. But the pain from the other shit I can't do anymore.    I honestly don't care that much about being diagnosed with POTS. But if a doctor would acknowledge that it is probably something I have that would be great.    It really does help having her.    Ha. No problem. Unfortunately showers are exhausting and make me dizzy. I still haven't taken one and its midnight. Haha.   So coo.      Really though I am all about heathenism.   It's amazing how creative someone can be when it comes to manipulating a bunch of other people.    My doberman is the same. He chews the cap until it comes off. Usually it's soda bottles. It's amazing how fast he can do it and get the last few drops on the bed and then he licks it off.    My step dog cuddles with me when I cry. It's sweet. He also tries to get under the blanket all the time and if no one helps him he is horribly pathetic and ends up laying down with just his face under the blanket. He is such a big dumb weirdo. Dobermans are pretty dumb and pathetic in general. But he did learn the command "Lay down or fuck off" pretty quickly.    I wasn't a bully but I didn't go to school a ton and did drugs. I was one of the weird kids, hung out with metal heads. I was a bit of a trouble maker and was probably mean to some people but not on a bully level.       Now I am a pretty big advocate for being kind and caring. I got my GED, was a working musician for a bit as well as performing as a contortionist. Most recently I worked at a dog rescue which I really love but had to quit because I am having some fairly serious chronic pain issues and seeking treatment is difficult when you have tattoos and piercings and are 23.       I'm not all that different aside from being more mature. I was a weirdo then and I am a weirdo now. I have just found my niche in the punk scene and the bluegrass scene since then. Got myself a great partner.        Unfortunately I will probably spend the rest of my life on disability. Turns out I wasn't just lazy and unmotivated, I have just been in pain forever. Which also explains the drugs.   Owie. My dog bit me in the lip a while back and it was not fun. Pierced all the way through my bottom lip but it healed up well. Turns out I was pregnant so that's why my dog hated me for a month or so.    Yeah I'm on like my 10th one. But I am about to find another and take my mom in with me because she will back me up and is way more clean cut than I am.    :(   I'm drawing a blank here. Orange is the new Black just put a new season out. But Netflix won't work. So that doesn't help.        Ummmmm. Yeah no I've got nothing.        Maybe I will masturbate in the shower later. Looks like that's my opportunity for something that isn't shitty. Hahaha. But then again I might not have the energy. We'll see.    My gp is the one that hates me and thinks I am a fat junkie slut. Hahaha. But I am about to get a new one and bring my mom with. For some reason female doctors don't bode well with me. The only ones I have had that will listen are under 40 and male.   Yep. When I am in pain I don't even care what it is as long as it is an opiate or similar to one. Tramadol is great, I like that it doesn't get me high. Even Tylenol 3  is fine, it's the only one that makes me sleep but generally if I get it I am pretty desperate.    That's the most recent diagnosis I got and I don't like it because there is another reason for my pain. I also just want to be treated which is easier with a diagnosis.    My POTS isn't even all that bad. The more pain I am in the more often I get dizzy and lose my vision when I stand up. And any time I shower my blood pools in my legs and I get dizzy. That has always happened so it doesn't bother me that much. When I was little I passed out a few times. I really only care about the constant pain.   I know exactly how you feel. The last rheumatologist I saw spent less than four minutes in the room with me. The pain specialist who referred me to him pretty much told me I was too fucked for him to even know where to begin treating me. So after they hung me up to dry I traveled 2000 miles for treatment near family, then those doctors chose to rinse and repeat. They pretended they wanted to help for the first few appointments which is worse.        I don't blame you for giving up on the rheumatologists. I wish I could but now I am about to hop one state over and try again. As if being sick isn't exhausting enough.    It's worth a shot. I am young and have tattoos and piercings so I feel you. If you have paperwork and whatnot from your regular doctors I would bring it. Any kind of proof that you have a regular prescription for it would be great. Same with your diagnosis. Just tell them all of that. Clearly you are in a pinch and my experience with the ER has generally been good.        Last time I went I told them about all the pain I am in and that I was a week away from my first appointment with a pain clinic but couldn't hold out any longer as my hips and jaw were just killing me. My boyfriend actually made me go. The doctor was really cool and gave me narco which makes me irritable but it was better than nothing.         The pain specialist ended up telling me there was nothing he could do. Which is what every other specialist has ever done to me. I have always had much better luck with urgent care and the ER.          This may not be relevant but the only way I can get taken seriously is if I bring my mom in with me because she is clean cut and backs me up.    I am in tears every time I see a doctor. So sick of it.   Haha. Thanks.   	112
 That's why I said maybe   I was just wondering what would happen if an angel and a demon had a child never said that's what was happening in the show that's why I used the words "what if" and "maybe"just some outside the box thinking that's all.                  Why do I feel alone even when surrounded by family and friends? I have been diagnosed with sever depression and anxiety but honestly who hasn't these days.i feel like I have no one I feel like my friends just talk to me to be nice but honestly they could care less and I know I love my family and they love me but damn, I just feel emotionless and alone.            Somedays are good some are not...I feel like a complete failure to my family I can't even do school right I can't even start my day right I feel like anything I do is wrong and I feel alone sure I have people I talk to at school that call me their friend but I still feel alone I have no one close no one to share this with and it eats me up inside, I'm 16 and my life feels like a huge mistake like it was never meant to be I'm only 16 why me why ? I just want to feel happy I just want this to stop I just want to feel normal again I want to have a day where I don't feel like a total screwup, at my school i put on the mask of a kid who cares for others but on the inside I don't care for myself sure I might have a smile all day but it's not real and frankly I'm to good at it.            She is 7 years old and weighs 50lbs  [her standing] (http://i.imgur.com/jzaHrrV.jpg)         [my dog and your dog are sisters] (http://i.imgur.com/kUl5nFZ.jpg)   [I want justice] (http://redditpics.fpapps.com/?thingid=t3_1n4tri url=http://i.imgur.com/DNfr1rf.jpg from Reddit Pics: http://redditpics.fpapps.com)    [You know I didn't post this at all before] (http://redditpics.fpapps.com/?thingid=t3_1n4tri url=http://i.imgur.com/DNfr1rf.jpg from Reddit Pics: http://redditpics.fpapps.com)       He is way too op (over powered)   I'm the one who barks!         What's a good way you build teemo.   Attack speed or ability power ?  Also what items should I use?   That's no way to talk to your mom.      [Source] (http://youtu.be/W6DmHGYy_xk)   China    Anyone notice the guy who looks like Tom Cruise or is it just me.   [the video of her is way better ](http://youtu.be/LW-ADgjRdCU)         Wow thanks!         Is it just me or does that look like misha Collins ?   Will do, I love this subreddit!   Here ya go! http://i.imgur.com/DSRGr0j.jpg      I'm on mobile didn't see it   On mobile    I apologize I will remember for next time    Nickelodeon    Well excuse me    I take his stuff out when he feeds so the crickets don't hide.                        I got him today ,from my brother cause he was not takeing care of him. So that's why he's under fed but he's in good hands now                        A young Richard Parker    This is an old african way to know if a lions on its period   Milwaukee zoo hell yeah    It's better to mix half diet Pepsi and half mountain dew.iv been doing this for years   [did you order the chicken nugger(6)] (http://youtu.be/eb1vcaqAivY)  	68
 Thank you for the lovely comment! It is daunting at first, but the blogging community really is a wonderful friendly and supportive environment. Just take it one day at a time and you'll learn along the way :) - if you want any help let me know xx   Hey all :) I have suffered with some serious mental health issues including self harm, bulimia, [suicide attempts](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com/2015/04/23/i-survived/) and general depression and anxiety.  A few years ago I decided I no longer wanted to be a victim of my mind - of my experiences - and so I started using [various tools and techniques](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com/category/intrusiveobsessive-thoughts-and-rumination/how-to-get-rid-of-intrusive-or-obsessive-thoughts) to start [taking back control](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com/category/quietening-the-mind) of my life.   I also started telling people my story. It was amazing to me how many people would open up about their experiences once they saw how open I was about mine. I learned very quickly that nearly everyone has a connection with mental health, be it personally, with a friend or with a family member  3 months ago I launched my blog [The Unmarked Road](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com), in an attempt to continue to speak openly about my experiences, and to give hope and strength to those struggling in the way that I did.  I want people to stop feeling ashamed over their difficult emotions and to realise the inner power that they have within them to change what can sometimes feel like an inevitable future; a future dominated by mental illness and a lack of control over their destiny.  I would love for people to visit my site (of course :) ) but more than that I would love you to have a look and see how [my blog](http://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com) could be improved. How together we can take on the stigma that still surrounds mental illness.  Thank you for taking the time to have a look.  Dani xx  	2
 Aww they all look like their momma! How precious. Orange kitties are just so adorable!!    Omg they look so much alike!! Our kitties are both so cute :)    Aw that's such a cute saying!!    Do you have a picture? :)   Aww! They're like twins!   All cats are weird :)    She looks so satisfied! Aww.   Construction in the winter as well!       I never expected that to look so.. odd.    He still looks like a puppy! :)    All I wanted was a nice picture! :(   	12
 Wow   I had to turn it off when he mentioned Carmen Sandiego and Oregon Trail. Too many memories.   Did you just... You did.  You ass.   Remember all the campaigns to remove the "is"?   My tweets and instas get posted directly to my Facebook wall.   Can I haz?   This is how I crack my toes. But, this girl is also doing it on rocks instead of carpet.   Was Frederick county bad too? I'm pretty sure it butts up next to or very close to Loudoun County, so I assume they got just as much snow.   I remember my junior or senior year in high school they purposefully added extra days off for Spring Break in case of too many snow days. That way they could make us come back early from break or something.  This state just doesn't know what to do with anything that falls from the sky.   [Mine wins - "Good to swim in but hard to swallow"](http://i.imgur.com/ZpXGoJE.png)   Oh Dominion. I haven't missed you.   My kid brother apparently had to sit in the gymnasium with a bunch of other kids because the teachers couldn't get to school that day last week.   #closeFCPS was trending ~~nationwide~~ worldwide on Twitter. #closeLCPS was up there too.  OP's picture is more like how it was when I was in school here many years ago. "Oh, we might get some snow at some point. CLOSE THE SCHOOLS!!"  edit obvious   I'd be interested in being a mod too. I can think of some good ideas and directions for the sub.  And I know CSS.   This. I used to work at a supermarket bakery and every day we would throw out food that had hit it's "Sell By" date. It was all cakes and bread loaves and bagels and the likes. This food was still good to be eaten for days. I tried to get the store to donate it to the homeless or shelters, and they said it was a health liability thing. I could see the issue being the same or similar for people who root it out the dumpster.  Didn't stop me from taking a bunch of that food home though.   Someone needs to call the guys over in /r/theydidthemath and figure out how many packs of cigarettes this is.      That last one is perfect. Sex then pizza? Yes please. I need to remember that one.   I get like that too. I can't think of what anything is called and trying to remember just makes the pain worse.   If we go with comments that have significant text, I'm an expert in catching Minecraft sheep.  My very top comment is just an imgur link.   This: http://i.imgur.com/90pVdrH.jpg   I tried to hide my obsession with clash for a while. But then my clan started warring all the time, and I needed another 1.2mil gold for my th upgrade, and I could no longer keep it a secret. Now I just hang my head in shame and mumble out a "sorry" when my friends notice me off in the corner, playing CoC, avoiding social interaction.   You should look at /r/Goatsintrees    Never thought about until now, but yes, the putting on a t-shirt is super hot.   I think we're not getting the whole story here.   Geese. I once saw a goose pick up a baby duck by its neck and shake it around until the duck was dead.    I did not know that I could make it go to sleep with that button. I just use hot corners. Learn something new every day...   Found the fattie.   Actual serious subreddit. One of the greatest.   It's only a matter of time.   Wait. What? How long have we been able to tag? Did I miss a blog post or something?   Awwww sweet!!! I'll walk down there now! Under Mark, I assume?  P.S. You're making my Monday morning a million times more tolerable.   Free breakfast from my favorite fast food place? Yes please!  608 North Main Street, Blacksburg, VA 24060  Lobby  Bacon AM crunchwrap, bacon waffle taco, coffee.   The L in "inhale" looks like a hairy leg.   Please can someone make this happen.   Wine glass works nicely too.   If we're talking about my dream from last night, about 5 bottles of oddly-named liquor, in all blue, silver, and white bottles.   Reddit at work has made me really good at laughing without smiling or opening my mouth.   Animals technically don't have a gender when it comes to grammar. You don't say "That's my dog; his name is Spot." You say "It's name is Spot" to be grammatically correct.   Based on the license plate on that GMC, he's in VA, so I'd bet he works in DC.   This is why I come here. Voices of reason to calm my freaking out.  Patience is not my strong suit, but I'll try my hardest to keep calm until we can talk about it and hopefully work it out.   He moved away a week ago. Since then, we've had one phone call that lasted about 10 minutes. I get maybe 1 text from him a day, if even that. I mentioned today that I've barely heard from him. He says he's been busy. I tell him it would be nice to hear from him more than once a week. I explain that I don't need to talk to him every single day, but I don't want us to become strangers because we never talk. We agreed to talk about it more tomorrow on the phone, as he's with his friends tonight.  It's only been a week and we're already fighting about the distance. If I'm going to only get to talk to him once a week, that's not enough for me. I know myself, and I know I need more than that. I'm hoping we can find a compromise. I'm hoping he has a good explanation.  Did anyone else experience this at the beginning? Is this a red flag for later on? Before he moved he had this attitude of "we'll make it" and "don't worry, we'll be fine" and all that. Now it's like he doesn't think that's the case anymore. If he cared and wanted it to work, wouldn't he be putting in more effort? He says he's been busy with his friends. Can't he find 15 minutes to get away and call me, or 30 seconds to send me a text message? Why am I feeling less important than the people he sees every day? I'm starting to think maybe he's not as serious about it.  I'm suppose to drive up to see him this coming Friday.   /r/thingsforants    I'm home alone. I didn't go to my family's this year.   The thought about juggling two lives has definitely crossed my mind. You know, never spending weekends with my friends here and whatnot. I suppose we will just have to take it as it comes and hope for the best!   Here's hoping :)   First of all, your post is making me tear up, because your situation sounds extremely similar to the one my boyfriend and I have just thrown ourselves into. We weren't together for as long beforehand, but he moved away as a career move and I stay here for mine. We are both extremely career oriented people and this is just how it has to be right now. I have too much going on here to be able to move right now, and he needs to be in a different location for his job. We're also about the same distance away as you and yours (about 4.5 hours), so saying that you get to see him nearly every other weekend makes me happy.  But the thing that really got me is your bullet point 4. SO said something like this to me the other day, before he left. He said that we're both such ambitious people that we have the potential to be an amazing power couple one day. But we have to work on getting there first. And if that means being apart and still together, then so be it. It's a bittersweet thing.  Thank you for the feels. I'm on day 1 of my LDR, so your post was very encouraging for me.   I don't wear makeup normally, so no I'm not equating the two. I don't feel that I need makeup to look or feel good about my appearance. And I just happen to like my body better when it's in-shape and looking healthy. Everyone should always strive to have the body they want, regardless of what that body type is. Be happy in your own skin. I'm happiest when I'm slender.  I don't see what's shallow about wanting my own body or appearance to be a certain way. I'm saying nothing about how I prefer anyone else's body.   OP, I'm waiting on delivery.   Hi all! I've been thinking about getting into flying for a while. I've lurked on this sub a bit, and watched plenty of YouTube videos with various copters, and learned about the parts of them and all that jazz. I decided to (kind of) take the plunge and asked for a quadcopter for Christmas. Well, I found out that I'm getting a Syma X5C. So I'm wondering, did you all start out by learning on a smaller, less expensive copter? How long before you felt you were ready to invest in a nicer one? How hard is it to actually get good at flying? Any wisdom you have to share with someone who's never flown anything remote control before?  Thanks!!   I have a feeling I'm about to be a more frequent poster in this sub.  First of all, thank you to all of you who offered kind words and encouragement on my last post. Yesterday was the day. He left my apartment and I immediately called my best friend who came over with wine and Christmas movies, which was awesome.  I feel like crying and throwing up. I barely slept last night, my appetite is all but gone, and I'm still doubting that I can even do the long distance thing. SO is so confident that everything will be fine and we'll make it, so I'm hoping his confidence will rub off on me in time, and I'll gain some better faith in myself.  I think what worries me the most is that the move is indefinite. I have a career where I am now, and he has no plans for returning. He's starting a career in this new location. How is it suppose to work if we have no plan of being reunited at some point in the future?   You don't know that she does any of these things for him. Maybe she keeps herself slim and attractive because she likes herself that way. Not all women look good in order to impress a man. Some of us just take pride in our appearance, regardless of anyone else's opinion on the matter.         Cannot be unseen.   Not a garbage person, but the 20" monitor sitting on my desk at work was found next to my apartment dumpster. Works great.   "Stop trying to make [insert some stupid word here] happen. It's **not** going to happen"   My bf is moving away this weekend. We haven't been together long, almost two months, but we've talked about it and we want to try to make it work. He's also not moving very far away, only about 4 hours. I've been pretending it's not happening and then this evening the whole thing just hit me like a bag of bricks and I broke down. I've never been in a LDR before and I have no idea how I'm going to deal with this. I don't know how I'm going to balance my life here with him being away. I feel like I'm going to lose all my friends because I'll be trying to visit him every weekend I can, or if he comes here I won't want to see anyone else. To me right now, it feels like a breakup. My best friend keeps telling me it will all be ok. Bf keeps reassuring me that we'll be fine, and I know deep down that we will be. I just don't know how, or how hard it's actually going to be to make it work.  Sorry I'm kind of venting right now, and my thoughts are all jumbled. I just needed to get this out and hopefully gain some insight into what I can expect, and maybe some advice to help me stop freaking out.  Thanks for reading.   All of that rant was unnecessary. I can't believe I actually read through the whole thing.   It always makes me think I'm mildly psychic.   When it dropped the second one it was so adorable, I lost it.   Well that's good! Keep getting yourself out there. You'll find a good group of people to stick with eventually. It took me a while too because I don't make friends easily.   Last movie I watched was Sabrina, so I guess I would be marrying Linus Larabee. So, married life would consist of me sitting around at the pool all day and not having to work because my husband is super rich. I'd be ok with that.   Have you checked out meetup.com? Not sure of your location, but if you're in the states, there are all kinds of meetup groups on that site. I host a group and we have random people show up sometimes and they like it and they become part of the group.   Well he texted me after I gave him my phone number, and then continued to text me and hang out with me. I think that was a big hint.  I know, most boring story here.   My cousin and I did this driving up the east coast once. It was at a point in time when I was a broke college kid and didn't have a data plan. Lots of snapchatting ensued.   Trying really hard to come up with a TF2 reference... Someone help me out here.   http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/The_Expressionless   This one is the my favorite. Found it. Done.   The best place for Pho is the DC/Northern VA area.      [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/GAAwTJa.png)   Victory 51-17 War record 4-0  We came in strong with nearly every member of Cereal Killers attacking at least once.   Cereal Killers | Attack Totals | Other Clan ---|---|---- 28 | Attacks Won | 9 38 | Attacks Used | 20 80.9% | Avg Destruction | 63.8% -| - | -  |**Best Attacks**| 12 | 3 stars | 2 5 | 2 stars | 4 5 | 1 star | 3 - | - | -  |**Attack Stats** |  1.34 | New Stars per Attack | 0.85 1m 56s | Average Attack Duration | 1m 52s - | - | -  | **Featured Battles** | G_Shine | Most Heroic Attack | some name in Chinese none | Most Heroic Defense | ssc   dafuq?   Downloaded and playing. I'm not good at this.  Did you have coding experience before you built this?   I'm the only woman in my office. Having the bathroom all to myself is glorious.   Why is location a reason to be cautious?   PayPal is fine. I just wasn't sure what the normal method was.   Hi. I originally was planning to move in with roommates who already had an apartment secure and I wouldn't have to pay a deposit. But, I found a different apartment that is worlds better for me to live in (less rent, no roommates, only a block from work, etc). I need to sign the lease by the end of this week, but I don't get paid until Tuesday the 16th. Normally it wouldn't be an issue as I make a decent amount of money, but with Thanksgiving, my last paycheck was only half of what it normally is.  I will pay back as soon as my Dec 16th check goes in direct deposit (9am on the 16th), $350 or whatever amount is deemed appropriate. At this point, getting this apartment secured is more important than the money.  I'm in Blacksburg, VA, USA. I don't know how the members of this sub handle money transfers as this is my first time here, but I'd be willing to pay for overnight mailing of a money order, or whatever else is easiest.  Thanks for reading.  	77
 WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW      It is indeed.   Hi Scarlett and Oliver  	4
 1) There are girls who want the attention but get snappy when they're not drawing attention from specific people they are seeking attention from.   2) There are girls who make the effort to look nice for themselves - a little boost to their self-esteem and not necessarily attention from others although that also helps to boost their confidence.   3) There are girls who try to one up each other - female competition.   Thank you.  I find it really hard to get up in the morning, I find myself getting anxious the night before counting the hours of sleep I'll get. I can sleep 12 hours solid and still want more sleep. Ironically, I stay up late because I don't want to sleep.  Hope things work out for you too!   Update - back to work today. Put on my mask this morning and went about my day acting "normal" with the odd occasion of staring out the window thinking. Thinking. That's always been my problem - trying to find ways to switch it off but my mind is always racing and whizzing from one topic to another and then back again.   Today's motto has been "fake it til you make it" and hopefully this wave will pass soon if I keep myself distracted.    Thank you.   I went through a period of having to take some pretty serious heavy duty meds for a serious illness (prednisone and cyclosporin) the side effects really messed me up which adds to my fear but you're right - there are a lot of different drugs out there so if something doesn't work, there's always other alternative combos.   Hope your journey continues to be a safe and happy one!   The Skin I live In  The ABCs of Death  Boxing Helena  House of 1000 Corpses and the sequel The Devil's Rejects   Agreed!   wow lol good on you for sharing!! :)   I definitely get where you are coming from.    I appreciate you taking the time to post your reply - thank you for being honest.   I end up looking at them less out of fear they'll catch on   Do you enjoy remaining single or have you been trying to slay the dragons to find the prince/princess with no such luck?   I've posted in /r/whatsthatbook and /r/tomt but no luck so far, a redditor suggested I try this page so here goes!  I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon.   Thanks for the tip!   Thanks - will definitely give it a go!   Not the one but definitely need to put it on my to read list, thanks! If I do find out what it's called I'll let you know. I read this when I was younger so the details are a bit hazy but I remember reading it thinking ooh probably too young for this.    Just did a quick wiki search and yeah same vein    I've posted in /r/whatsthatbook but no luck so far. I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon.   Ned - Pushing Daisies  Ronan the Accuser - Guardians of the Galaxy  Thranduil - The Hobbit trilogy  http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1195855/      You're welcome!   Alexander Skarsgard...such a beautiful man   Oohh i'll look for it tomo, has anyone seen him in Soldier's Girl or Possession?   I saw a scene on Youtube from one of his movies, he picks up this chick with such ease and kisses her against a post or wall while her legs are wrapped around him - was sooo damn  hot!   Even though I'm not quite ready to have children right now I would like to have the option in the near future so yes, it would be very hard. I definitely wouldn't want to try and change the guy's mind if he's already made the decision, that wouldn't be fair at all!    I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon.   Just be yourself and stop trying to please everyone. Love yourself.   Salad   Interaction with kids/animals - makes my childbearing loins quiver with excitement when I see guys display their caring, playful nature.  And when you try to mash down a semi :)   Did anyone cry in Legends of the Fall?   Such a wonderful yet heartbreaking movie   What are you getting?   Me too!! Here's mine - http://imgur.com/iB9d1Af   Did you watch the Dead Like Me movie??   I hear that!   Sleep paralysis    Cartwheel landing in the splits   Pay it forward   Grats on being 9 months sober!!   I have a friend who went through the same thing - he rolled with it cos the guy had made him a lamb roast.   He's also Thranduil    Don Johnson    Waste of time   Haha that's so awesome!!   Attempted to have phone sex when I was 13 with a boy I had a huge crush on. Unfortunately, my dad had picked up the phone downstairs, heard our conversation and started yelling.  We had a caller ID display so he raced upstairs and proceeded to call my crush back to yell some more. My crush's dad ended up jumping on the phone and our dads yelled at each other.   A week later I was enrolled in a girl's only school.   Did your third cover up successfully hide the other two?   Sounds like you've got the gift, thanks for sharing! :)   Ouch!     	48
 That is heartbreaking D: (though the happy ending makes up for it :3) I hate to think how my piggies will be when one of them loses the other...   I lold :p   I mis-typed in my title and have no idea how to edit it *cry*      Yes same! One time I did this when out with my roommate...   About a year ago we moved to a flat where the tiny bathroom is basically three walls of mirror at face height. Seeing my face from pretty much every angle is one of the most grueling parts of my day. My nose is so rounded and blunt at the tip and the nostrils. Oh God the nostrils. I wish my chin were a bit pointier too and something I've noticed recently since getting a full fringe is that I have a sloping forehead, like a Neanderthal or some other kind of proto-human.  Gah.   Can confirm, just got off the phone from my Mum. Never felt so alive.   Totally agree, even just looking at this makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside, and proud to be Finnish. And I'm not even Finnish.   Plus there's just something so equalizing and dignified about this; every child, no matter their background, gets at least the same basic items to start with. Such a nice concept.   My soul hurts thinking about that movie.   Liking oneself.   It seems to come to easily to other people and I've no idea how the hell to not cringe at everything I say, do, and how I look. I just don't get it.   This is great, how long did it take? :D   Adventure Time really is just the best   Penis.   Sorry, nothing came up when I searched 'Abracadaniel'      That looks really interesting, thanks. I guess I hadn't really thought about the psychological side of things, just the straight up nutrition business.   Neato.   So it really is just a matter of how (un)appealing it would be as a complete diet? That sounds fair enough I suppose...   Oh I've heard of plumpy'nut before, but could you actually live off it? I thought it was just a high calorie food suitable for those who are severely malnourished?   Kind of like Bachelor Chow in Futurama, or tasty tasty Soylent Green, I guess.  I mean, surely something could be made that gives you close to what our current understanding of human nutrition recommends we get each day. Like a vitamin pill but bulked out to make a sort of human chow. Artificial flavourings or whatever could be used to make it taste nice, right? Is there some obvious reason that it's not a thing that I haven't thought of? I mean, I guess it's kind of undignified, but then again so is living off of frozen pizzas and mountain dew.  I'd buy it. I'd buy the shit out of it.  Edit: Thanks, I woke up to a lot of useful discussion. I guess it just wouldn't be hugely popular unless in survival situations, damn humans and their decadent tastes for, well, nice tasting-things :p   Is this a haiku or...?   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auto-antonym Auto-antonyms are words that can have two meanings that are the opposite of each other.  'Dust' might be my favourite  Edit: E.g. You can dust something as the act of removing dust or fine particles, or dust something as the act of adding them "she dusted the cake with icing sugar"   Just finished a book in which variations on the word 'twine' ('twined', 'twining') were severely overused. I don't think it was intentional, nor part of some motif, or maybe I'm just a plebian.  I'm glad this type of thing annoys other people too :p   It's not just that but the whole deal with self-proclaimed nice guys thinking that they are the one nice person in a universe of undeserving douchebags. It's really insulting to other men and to women: have a girlfriend? You must be a douche. Are you female? You only like guys that are douches, trust me, you may not think you do, but you don't know your own mind, you love douches. Also your boyfriend is a douche.  Everyone is a douche.   25 people liked it. Urgh.   Definitely one of my favourite internet sofas   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsYoeoEE3ww Very relevant Mitchell and Webb sketch   I saw from the thumbnail that this was an Ashens video and got excited   How dare he make that assumption.   I for one was just busy taking a two hour sofa nap.   Came here to post just this, glad you found it :)   They're dried meal worms :)      I started doing this one day when I had to wait for a while for a train and then I started doing it in the gym. I try to count upwards (or maybe set myself a high number and count back down to 0) but can only count that number and move on to the next one when it comes up on a digital display.  So for example to start, if I were playing in the gym and I'm on a treadmill I need to see a 0 come up somewhere on the display (like on my time, or distance or calories burned, whatever), then a 1, 2 ,3 and so on. I can only use each number once, so if I'm on 22 I can't use the same 2 twice, I have to wait for another 2 to appear. If I'm somewhere with cars then I can use licence plates too.  Thrilling stuff.   Yep. Rude.   Yeah, the right outside his door thing definitely killed it for me. But still, that post and this thread, 10/10, am so creeped.   Oh.   "You're a gentleman in a world of scoundrels" - something I must tell ~~my boyfriend~~ m'gentlesir more often   On a related note, I read 'The Shallows' recently and found that to be worryingly relateable. It's true that the internet is a wonderful tool but, like all tools, our use of it has shaped our thoughts and behaviour. In some ways this is good, but in many ways we're neglecting our ability to attend 'deeply'. I worry about my attention span often and how 'being on the internet' has just become my default setting over the years, yet I never actually 'do' anything when I'm online. Even when I was a young'un and we first got the internet in our house I used it differently. I'd sit through long videos, spend hours on a flash game or read long pages of text. It's pretty worrying I suppose.  Anyways, I recommend you read that book if you're keen to see some more opinions on attention and the internet, it's very interesting. ('The Shallows' by Nicholas Carr).   You might want to try /r/snackexchange or /r/CultureSwap :) Hope that helps   Good thing he didn't create evidence of himself harassing random people, oh wait.   Entering rooms without knocking, especially if you're getting changed. Growing up there was no space in the house where I felt like I had any sort of privacy or sanctuary because NMum would just steam right into my room, no matter what I was doing on some lame pretence and often just...hang about for a bit.  I've no other way to describe it, she often would do this courtesy 'knock' as she was coming in, but the knock was part of the same action as opening the door. Saying "sorry I'm busy/getting dressed/etc." had no effect. She would come in regardless. Obviously very annoying to grow up with but now it's hilarious; when I'm home visiting and staying in my old room (am a student) it's just so obviously absurd how keen she wants to come in my room but how little reason she has to be in there other than the fact that she can.    Yeah, it's a bit of a problem in a lot of psych studies too. Trying to get a truly representative sample of participants for the population you want to generalise to is hard. 'Self-selection' bias is when your participant sample is made up of people who chose to be in your study of their own free will (e.g. answered an advert for your study). Thankfully in many studies it's not a huge source of systematic error in itself (ofc it depends what you're investigating) but it's always something to be aware of.   I particularly liked the fact that his devastating put down had a fundamentally good message behind it, kind of "hey let's not be so hung up on genitals and end the ridiculous pressure and significance we attach to penis size amirite" (though incredibly douchely put) but then throws down some homophobic insults at those who question him.    Nice.   One step closer to Dune actually becoming reality :p   If this isn't from there originally I'd recommend cross posting to /r/IdiotsFightingThings    Whoah, context? ... un-hooray :(   Oh my golly  Edit: Mother of God that comment graveyard...   I'm sure I've seen a confession bear or something similar about someone who posted their hairy armpit to /gonewild pretending it was vag. Not sure how legit but...   'Nice guys' really do seem to say such straight up hateful things about other men...   One time I held up an umbrella over my Grandma whilst walking her somewhere. I got soaked. Sadly she Granddaughter-zoned me too :(   Why exclude those living in the southern hemisphere though?   But how do we decide which way the Earth should be facing?   I'm saluting at my monitor...and shedding wistful tears of pride   Oh my gosh. Thank you for reminding me about this book! Next time I go home I definitely need to dig out my old books from childhood and have a nostalgia-fest. This book meant a lot to me and had a fair bit of an impact for sure   Oh hai there fellow 24 y/o non-driver. I'm determined to learn this summer...we'll see if that actually happens...   I wonder what they're doing right now? I hope they're happy...   I think the same thing about people   I'd always meant to get around to reading Dune and had picked up a second hand copy of the first book back in my first year of uni. I started to read it then but ended up accidentally leaving it at a relative's house before I could really get far into it.  I then started reading it again a little over a year ago and though I was kind of unsure at first I was eventually totally won over. It was quite unlike what I had thought it would be.    Amongst certain other books that I'll always remember in connection with this past year, the Dune sequels have definitely helped me get through my first year as a postgrad and all the turmoil that entails.        Hang in there, it's so nervewracking losing a hamster or any other kind of small furry. Stay chill, set out baited bucket 'traps', keep the cat and dogs out the way and search everywhere you can think of. My advice would be to wait until it's night time or whenever your hammy tends to be the most active. Hopefully she's just curled up somewhere sleeping whilst you worry :p  Good luck OP, keep us posted.   Urgh, yes please to this.   Oh hey is that that poke ball icon theme too?   Also sorry I totally misstyped a bit, I meant  "deaf to [the sound of the waterfall]" not deaf in general. Sorry sorry sorry for any confusion, it was late (edited my original comment now). :p   I think it was One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest, but I'm not 100%. I just remember the main character casually musing about it at one point   I wonder about this a lot. Like those times when a noise like air conditioning or whatever is running and you only notice that you ever heard it when it suddenly stops...  EDIT: There was a bit in a book I love that talked about living near a waterfall, and thereby being completely deaf to it.   For some reason this is really comforting to know  	66
 Hi there, the last drug I was doing was heroin. I was sick of being miserable and not having money and constantly having to steal and live a life in fear of being arrested. I went to alot of detoxes and rehabs and eventually I gave up trying to run I went through the steps had a year and a half sobriety than I relapsed. I realized the drug wouldn't change anything in my life. I still struggle here and there I have weeks where I feel like shit. But having a crappy day sober is way better than having any day high or drunk for me. I'm 23 and only have my family by my side and a job. I realize I have a problem and its two choices live clean and sober and try to enjoy life. Or use or drink and watch me destroy myself and take my family down while I do it. Oh and I did blow too. Honestly man it isn't easy. Read some books on addiction or living a life finding meaning it will help.    Your mind is still running on the fact you can use drugs and alcohol. Yes you have relapsed my friend. Go to a meeting or find a sponsor.    I started using drugs early when I was around 14. I am 23 years old today. I've used all sorts of drugs. I am a addict in nature. If you need to help a loved one or anything at all ask away.   Thank you.  	4
 It was the only thing I managed to eat at the time :-D I bought huge ammounts of it when I found the energy to go shopping and survived off of it the rest of the time. It was winter/christmas time I think 3 years ago.  	1
 I see. Thanks for explaining it to me in detail. I already got the feeling that what I mentioned wouldn't be a big issue as there were no precedents.  My undergrad major was English literature but right now I'm enrolled in a law-related grad school program and studying intellectual property law. Students vary from lawyers to people like me, who have no prior knowledge of the discipline. Classes are scheduled in the evening (the program is designed for people working full-time) and each subject has only one class every other week so it's been difficult to take in all the material -- not to mention no subject thus far tackled my question here.  But thank you, your response cleared things up.   As someone who can barely cook eggs I appreciate the artistry.   FIRMLY GRASP IT   TIL. I also thought of edible crackers and didn't understand why it was pejorative... I thought it was cute. But now I know the truth... :(   She's got talent! May we expect another character next year? :D   So many good lines. It's hard to pick just one.   Man this seems trivial to all the others here.  I have a lot of work to do and an assignment due pretty soon for my night-time grad school. I don't even know what I'm doing in that program; I feel like I don't retain anything and I'm just wasting money and time.   I'm also clinically depressed. I have it more or less under control with meds but sometimes I wish I didn't exist.  Let's hope better days will come soon and light will appear in the fog.   Have you checked out Nostalgia Critic's review of the movie?   Happy Gilmore.  I know Adam Sandler's movies have gotten unbearable lately and when you think about it even the good ones in the past are the product of the same formula, but Happy Gilmore makes me laugh. Probably because when I watched it for the first time as a kid I was having the best night ever with my aunts. And my parents (avid golfers) always say they're so tempted to act like Happy Gilmore in the field.   While he got the award *SPOILERS* only because three other people that were nominated for the award got killed, but that still means he's in Top 4 so yes, he's really come a long way!   I don't know why you received one downvote. I thought the same thing. I upvoted to bring balance to the universe.   "I TRUSTED YOU..."   Wow. I feel like giving him a little jedi costume. He seems very, very wise. I'd call him cute, but I'm afraid he'll be offended and scold me :p   I'm so sorry you lost him... I can't imagine how difficult it must be. I'm sending you a lot of internet hugs... I hope his siblings give you some solace.   His... err, feet? legs? are really long! I thought mine had them long... incomparable to Kirby's. Look at that tummy 3   D'awwww Pancake is so pretty. I love the color! It's like cats' equivalent of strawberry blonde.   Is he called Vin Diesel because he won't listen to his agent?  Joking aside, he is one gorgeous kitty.   "I will smother you in your sleep..."   But at least s/he is keeping the santa hat on. Mine would toss it and proceed to scratch my hands in retaliation.   Now you move a bit over... nyeah...  And you move a little bit over... nyeah...  And I squeeze in between like... nyeah...   Dear fairies, I surrender. ♥   What's really perplexing for me is the fact that I can play a few matches without any problem and then bam the firewall issue hits. Why?? What happened in the last 40 minutes?  I wish there were some kind of signals that my teammates get when I'm desperately trying to reconnect so at least they know I'm not just off somewhere, completely ignoring how I'm ruining other people's game.   This is fantastic! I tremble at the thought of the new malph coming at me with his ult.   It hits me that I've been playing this game too long when I find Cho and Kog adorable. Now RekSai made my list thanks to you :D I wonder what her lines would be? Cho's "QUIETTTT" always cracks me up so much.   For a second I thought he was standing on top of the pride rock with his mane blowing in the wind. He's already so handsome but I figure he'll be even more gorgeous as he matures! Hope to see more of his photos soon :D   That's actually adorable. I'm trying to imagine what you would've said for Draven...   Me too. Especially because I could collect all champs and runes with IP alone if O had the patience!  Now I rationalize my spendiny by thinking that riot gave me an awesome game and I'm only appreciating their hard work.   No way my Cait has a flat butt!  :(  Isn't she pretty decent in the sheriff and arctic warfare models?   Same, I was just dropped and all teammates dc'd around the time I did :s   I can't log back in.   From the thumbnail I thought the photo was surely rotated clockwise... Nature never ceases to amaze me.   Oh yeah, completely forgot about Drake and Baron! I do like his relatively high sustain and slow with e but he seemed (at least to me) to be lacking in offensive powers before. I guess they could be made up by other laners. Looks like Nunu will make a comeback :)   Thanks for a detailed response! I'm playing from Korea so the distance is the main issue. I didn't have a lot of ping problem in S3 - early S4 (stable 150-180 range.) And since I'm using a cable and have no siblings or family members that download lots of porn (or anything big) I think I can rule that out.  I'll look into the VPNs you mentioned! :)  Edit: I tried out Pingzapper and they didn't allow me to run the League with a trial version so I purchased the cheapest package to see if it works. I gave it a go at work and it seems to cause firewall-related problems. It did have an option to bypass security, but it didn't work. I will try the program again later at home.   My friend usually gets something similar (150-200). I'm playing from Korea I've made peace with that, but ping increased after a certain patch (around the time of Jinx update I think) and seems to stay there.  And I'm using a cable.   I've been having a pretty high ping while playing the League. I am playing abroad but I usually got 130-180 ping. Now it's closer to 200 and sometimes I get lag spikes and reach 400-1000.  I've read about programs that reduce ping but am a bit skeptical. Any advice?   How..? My brain cannot comprehend the craftsmanship involved since I can barely knit. Great job!   He looks like he got this life thing figured out.    How does he function against the traditionally popular jgrs like ww or khaz? I feel like he doesn't have a lot of offensive moves and they can easily counterjg.   It would be great if the mystery skin mechanism took into account the most played champs... but I guess that defeats the purpose of mystery. I have a commander Kat and I'm horrible with her.    That. Is. Awesome. Extra points for securing the ornaments twice. I knew the white tree was special but didn't occur to me that it was ocean themed!   I don't object at all, but I do find partially clothed men a bit sexier. Loose dress shirt collar or shirt-off entirely, that sort of thing.    What little explorers! And hats off to you for daring to have that kind of pretty tree with felines present.   He has a habit of sucking his arm and imitates the nursing pose as he did with his mom. He's now almost 10 years old. It's the only time he ever purrs and whenever he does it he grabs my arm, feet, etc. His claws are pretty strong and they hurt like hell.   It was worth it   Dominant male persona. I hate dealing with macho types when working but in bed it's a different story. I've also asked my boyfriend to pin me down during sex, like holding me down by the wrists. Of course all these things must be done with someone I'm really comfortable with (i.e. bf).   Thank you. I'm working abroad and seeing this makes me want to cry. I miss Van so much.   Fluffy♥♥   So if he became a judge he would be Justice Justice Joslin?   I too believed his shadow was added later. Kudos to you for going through all this trouble to find the truth!   I don't care what others said; he sounds a very sweet person.   I can't see much but my heart goes out to you guys. I hope Tux warms up to Sam and they get to be best buddies 3   I love your drawing style! Will definitely follow that link to tumblr. Keep'em coming please!   IIRC he learned fast but the proficiency was not just at the level of the native speaker so he had to be dubbed, but because he took time to learn the language the dubbing process went much more smoothly. But yeah either way his performance was awesome!   Wouldn't know about snow, but I definitely agree with the hot tub thing. It sounds sexy but like you said the lube is gone and we're kind of splashing in a tub against water resistance. On top of that part of me outside the tub is kind of getting cold. So yeah not the greatest thing IRL.   I rejected a guy in high school and he called my mom (during school hours) to tell her that I was making his life a living hell, that I was being disrespectful towards his mom (we crossed paths in an open house event; I kind of turned my head the other way because she knew about my rejection and I thought things would be awkward.)  I later confronted him and at first he lied to me and said he was just saying hi to my mom. I called him out on being a liar and being so immature about the whole mess (we were 17/18 respectively). He ground his fist against the wall like he wanted to punch me. I really wanted him to, so I could punch back, but he never did. I spent my entire Gr.11 fantasizing a grabbing a chair and bludgeoning him to death.   He cracked me up so much in The Invention of Lying. Made me want to punch him too -- but that's just evidence of good acting, I presume.   The movie came out when I was in high school and learning Spanish, and I read that you learned Spanish to fit the role. I really admire the dedication! It couldn't have been easy.   Well the imgur name was TheOtterGuy   The crust! I honestly don't get why crust gets so little love. It's equally delicious!   I stand corrected. Also happy cake day!   Princess Bananahammock   I'm ashamed to say I didn't recognize him until you said his Heroes name. Delish.   Fry what have you done?! your hair is all different-y!   I actually had no idea what Steam was before buying Skyrim. I bought the DVD as soon as it came out and when it was installing Steam I was like: DAFUQ IS THIS SHIT? Needless to say I'm in love with Steam now.  I bought the GOTY edition for Oblivion and it came with a map of Cyrodiil. That was awesome.   [I will personally kill you, and eat your entrails on my tummy!](http://imgur.com/hQsv6Xd)   I can't imagine the amount of concentration put into this work. Well done!  As for me, I would make maybe about one rose really badly, get frustrated, and then just pile them on top of each other without any artistry.   S/he can mock me all day long. Such a cutie. I love how cats have unique face masks of their own!   I can feel the fluffiness beyond my cellphone screen. My cat's gonna be hugged extra hard when I get home.♥   Aww :( Luckily I can't even tell they were once hurt. You guys must have taken real good care of him3   Unfortunately no. But reddit is full of gifted artists! Perhaps there's a sub where you can make a request?   Move to the ROK, where the Internet is super fast but ridden with Active Xs.   I'm sorry you lost him op. I'm sure he is now in a place where the wireless connection flaunts light speed and there is no loading screen.   I'm sorry he's no longer with you. He looks magnificent using that mailbox as his pride rock. Wonder if the post officer was terrified/happy to approach him?   "My eyes precipitate at the very thought of you having to drag yourself to work." :D   Yay another pic of Sherlock!  I have to be honest though, he seems wayyy sweet and snuggly for a Sherlock. I hope he develops *character* as he matures. :p   He (she?) would make a great protagonist in a cartoon series. Look at that expression on his face! It has... depth.   Do they also fight to the death during the day? I love it when they pounce on each other like hell and then snuggle so dearly like nothing happened. I know it's play fight, but man, those fights can be intense.   You and your boyfriend rock!  Look at those pink jellies 3 My cat has cocoa jelly beans but I have a weak spot for pink paws and white socks.   He is adorable... I would have cried if I had to part with him! Hope his new family takes good care of him as you did.   This has "photoshop battle" written all over it!   Though not American (but Canadian, so hey neighbour!), I agree with this comment.      I should really use this phrase. It adds a little extra to the original.   Thanks for keeping him safe until he found his family! Hopefully the new family could send you some pictures later?   I don't blame you. In fact, I'm sure I'll end up doing the same thing. I can't imagine growing attached to them only to have to send them away. I'm sure serving the kitties is tough, but I envy you so much for being in the company of such gorgeous kitties! My cat sure could use a buddy but bringing in another cat is just not in the cards right now.   You should make a screentshot comic out of him(her?). Sounds hysterical. I imagine a giant Nord dude squatting down trying to pickpocket a wood elf.   Now all he needs is a Watson! Thanks for taking care of him (presumably him, given the name?)   Any mode featuring poros predominantly is fine by me! I can't wait to see a giant King poro.   This won't probably mean a whole lot coming from a stranger, but it's not your fault. It's extremely unfortunate you lost her that way. Hugs.   Good on you for stepping out of the comfort zone. Hope she calls you back!   Trying really hard to imagine what "using hair as puppets" might look like.  She sounds like a very sweet person!   I think I'll endure the pain for the millisecond of fluffy goodness.   Prison Architect :)   So funny, I was about to link the same Oatmeal!   Fight Club.  It's been a while since I read it, but to me the book seemed more like a stream of consciousness. It must've been pretty difficult to set up a more linear storyline appropriate for a movie, and Fincher did a fantastic job.   Yeah, when I first saw it I was dismayed by some changes, but now that I look back on it those cuts were necessary. If I could change one thing though, I'd bring back the original Shire showdown.   Homer Simpson despite the sex differences.  A chubby guy who doesn't know much about his work but has been on amazing adventures, well-liked by most people, married the woman of his dreams, etc. Also given the progress and life span of the series I'm quite certain he's immortal.   What's his/her name? So adorable!   I love the expression on his/her face. "Calm the fuck down."   In my first (relatively) successful escape I got stuck in the gate that was supposed to block the monster off. It was unable to hurt me but I was stuck and couldn't move at all. I just lost the will to continue :(   I think that was sarcasm.   Reminds me of Misfits!   I see. In that case I guess I could see why it would be displeasing to some. Still I doubt it justifies all the hate this man is getting.   Also working against water resistance isn't all that fun.  	103
 I'm actually using products recommended from there! I've noticed improvement from when I used disposable razors but I still feel like my legs are stripped of moisture. I could change shaving cream though and see if that works.    I looked at the link and it said to use cerave with an occlusive, so if I put a layer of like mineral oil that should help, right? I will try a different moisturizer though, thanks for your help!    When I use my cerave in the tub on my eyelids they get worse. Do you know why that would happen?    Whenever I shave my legs they feel very irritated. My skin is bumpy, I believe I have a minor case of KP, and the shaving definitely irritates that.   My basic shaving routine is to exfoliate with a loofah and the neutrogena body wash with salicylic acid, then I shave using a razor with a fresh new blade and shaving cream. Sometimes I use mineral oil instead but I end up with the same results. After I use my rough and bumpy lotion from gold bonds.   However my skin still feels like... Depleted and dry and gross. I like having smooth hairless legs but what can I use to really moisturize my legs?   Any advice is appreciated.   I just bought some Aztec healing clay, but when I mix it there are always lumps in it and it's not smooth. How do you guys mix it up? I mix it with water.   Also, I bought neem oil, how do you guys use it? If I mix it with another oil can I use it on my whole face, even around my eyes?  Last question, my eyelids get very dry for some reason, and currently I am only washing my face at night using OCM, then using BP, and moisturizing. What would be drying out my eyelids? I don't put moisturizer on my eyes because it makes it worse, but I do use sunflower oil to remove my eye makeup. Is there any kind of moisturizer I could use on my eyes? The skin is really flaky and weird.   Thanks!    I'm 24 and got divorced last year. He cheated on me. You're better off! Seriously, after a few months you will feel amazing and be so glad you did it. My life has never been better.    Hahah this is me except I can't tell if it's from spanking or sitting too long from playing video games.   My fucking boyfriend did this. He TOLD me what to get him, gave me like a list and shit, and so of course I buy him stuff from that list. I'm at his place yesterday and he gets an Amazon package of what I fucking bought him! LIKE WTF BRO.   I experience it yeah. I actually started experiencing anxiety while drinking too, so now I just try not to at all.    Hey add me!   Add me, my safari is unknown as well!   Totally! I have dude friends who have sex on the regular with girls who have children, and they can't tell the difference. The vagina goes back to normal eventually.    Don't worry, vaginas go back to their usual tightness, hence why women can give birth and their vaginas go back to normal.   Otherwise women who have sex a lot would have huge vaginas and that's just not the case. So go ahead and masturbate freely. Might I suggest getting a dildo? Might be better than a screwdriver!    I went through something similar. My ex-husband had an affair and also thought I was very useless. And truth be told, I kind of was. I was stuck in a rut, I wasn't happy, I was depressed and anxious and suicidal. Life was bad.   I can tell you that moving on was the best possible thing for me. You don't need your husband's approval for the things you do, you should do them because you want to. I fell into that same pattern of convincing my ex I was finally going to do something with my life, but I never did. And it was because I was trying to do it for someone else and not me.   I'm telling you that it is possible to move on and survive post divorce, and to thrive and be happy. It just takes small adjustments and some hard work. It's even pretty thrilling to do stuff just for me. I remember the first time after my separation that I bought a video game. It was awesome! I went to my own apartment and played it for hours without anyone telling me I couldn't.   Take some time to think about you and what you need. If your husband is seeking the attention of other women he is obviously not happy either. If you are having persistent suicidal thoughts please call someone or go to /r/SuicideWatch.   Good luck!    I went through something similar. My ex-husband had an affair and also thought I was very useless. And truth be told, I kind of was. I was stuck in a rut, I wasn't happy, I was depressed and anxious and suicidal. Life was bad.   I can tell you that moving on was the best possible thing for me. You don't need your husband's approval for the things you do, you should do them because you want to. I fell into that same pattern of convincing my ex I was finally going to do something with my life, but I never did. And it was because I was trying to do it for someone else and not me.   I'm telling you that it is possible to move on and survive post divorce, and to thrive and be happy. It just takes small adjustments and some hard work. It's even pretty thrilling to do stuff just for me. I remember the first time after my separation that I bought a video game. It was awesome! I went to my own apartment and played it for hours without anyone telling me I couldn't.   Take some time to think about you and what you need. If your husband is seeking the attention of other women he is obviously not happy either. If you are having persistent suicidal thoughts please call someone or go to /r/SuicideWatch.   Good luck!    Jesus. I thought my therapist was bad. I talked to her about my unhappy marriage and her advice was to stick with him long enough to finish school so I could use him for financial support until I found a job. Like wtf? Thankfully I did not take her advice.    I think it's important to understand why exactly you are afraid of phone calls. For me it was worry about sounding stupid or embarrassing myself somehow.   My therapist recommended doing an exercise where I write down what I am thinking while I experience the anxiety. It helped put it into perspective. Then, when I make phone calls, I try to modify that thinking by thinking something positive.   Also, practice. I started a job where I had to answer phones and I was terrified initially, but after doing it a lot it got easier, and I started to think, who gives a fuck what this person on the other line thinks of me? They don't know me, they don't define me. It gets easier.   Good luck!    The problem is guys do not think that way. You said you weren't into hookups and went to his place, some guys are going to automatically assume you will have sex if you are there, regardless of what was said before.   Dude was skeevy, and acting inappropriately, yeah. But I highly doubt he was a potential rapist.   I've been in really similar situations where I went over to a guy's apartment and consistently they assumed sex would be had unless I explicitly told them, I will not fuck you tonight, in those exact words, that bluntly. It's like, I feel like dudes learned from somewhere that women who say no are really just being coy or some shit and sometimes you just need to be blunt.    This drives me nuts. Domestic abuse against men happens all the time, men just don't speak out about it. A friend of mine showed me the bruises his girlfriend left on him, and I couldn't believe it. She totally fucked him up emotionally.   The second he made unwanted advances you should have left. Simply being there made him believe you wanted the attention.   And I think it's pretty extreme to say he would have raped you. Stop going on Tinder if you can't deal with the fact that yes, dudes you meet will want to fuck you. It's a part of life.    Erm yes please. I'm 24 as well and really craving some quality girl time, none of my friends live in Milwaukee! PM me?    I've heard with loose skin working out those areas helps, so maybe doing stuff like chest exercises?   The other thing to mention is I think a lot of girls are insecure about their boobs. Yours probably look totally normal and you overanalyze because you look at them everyday.    Oh interesting. I'd have to double check what driver it is. Is there any workaround? Like am I stuck with that driver or could I use a different one?    Hey, thanks for the response! I tried reinstalling the driver and that didn't work. I tried the complete Internet repair and that didn't work either.   I ended up installing Linux alongside Windows 8, and when I boot Linux I can connect to the Internet at work no problem. So I assume the issue is with some Windows configuration?   At this point if I use my laptop at work I just boot Linux. I assume reinstalling Windows 8 would fix it but I don't know how to do that because I don't have the product key.   Thanks again for your help!    Oh my god you are adorable.    Haha mine did too! One of my favorites!    Anyone in Wisconsin? I'm in Milwaukee!    I totally second keto! I don't have PCOS but it seriously gave me so much more control over my emotional eating. And eating bacon everyday was just the best.   It also helped me feel more mentally stable.    Oops, forgot to mention I did switch toothpastes about a week ago.    Morning I splash my face with water, sometimes use stridex pads, followed with sunscreen.   Night I use Cerave foaming cleanser and alpha Hydrox, then 2.5 BP and Cerave in the tub.   So I have acne on my chin and neck, not really that much but it's annoying. I don't get acne anywhere else.   My question is, I just realized I drool a lot in my sleep... Kind of gross. And now that it's getting colder and I have an almost permanent stuffy nose I breathe through my mouth more than normal. Is it possible that... My drool... Is causing acne? Is that a thing? I change my pillow case every night. If it's possible, how do I prevent this without like, saran wrapping my face?    I like the lipstick a lot! It's hard to see your eye makeup with your glasses on though, there's a bit of a glare.    Oh man I need to try that mascara because I swear I poke myself in the eye with my mascara every single day.    I will try to monitor that side for sure, thanks for the advice!!    Well it did occur right around my period, and actually I have been under more stress than usual!    I have just started using a new body wash from burts bees. Would that cause an issue just on my neck though? I haven't noticed an issue anywhere else.    I wash my bedsheets once a week and use a clean pillowcase every night or put a clean t-shirt on my pillow case.   I do tend to touch my face a lot, like lean onto my hand, but I've always done this, so it doesn't really explain my sudden breakout on my neck. I'm definitely trying to stop touching my face though. I do use my phone on that side of my face as well, but usually I'm never on my phone that consistently... I'm thinking at least some of my acne is caused by leaning into my hand though.    I'm using an Asus X83V laptop running Windows 8.   I was able to connect to the internet at work previously, but one day I was unable to connect to the network. I verified I was typing in the correct security key, restarted my computer, forgot the network and then reconnected, but nothing helped. I work in a relatively small office and no other employees were having issues with wireless connectivity.   I generally have no problems connecting to the wireless internet at home, but sometimes it will disconnect me from the network. At that point I have to restart my computer to get it to reconnect again, I'm not sure if that issue is related. However, I'm always able to connect to the internet again after restarting. Not so with the internet at work.  So today I found we had some wireless adapters laying around, the one I used is a Linksys AE6000. I plugged it into my laptop and used that wireless to connect to the network and it worked. So...I'm connected but it irritates me that I don't know why. Is my laptop's network card failing? What is the reason this would be happening?  Thank you for your help!    AM: Rinse face, Stridex pad, 2.5% BP on acne (all on chin and neck), apply Neutrogena sunscreen, then makeup.  PM: Remove makeup with mineral oil, Cerave foaming cleanser, Alpha Hydrox, wait 30 minutes, 2.5% BP on acne, wait about 10 minutes, then Cerave in the tub.  I have been doing this routine for about 2 weeks, was doing the same routine minus the Alpha Hydrox for about a month and a half.  I did include one product at a time.  My issue is I have this breakout on my neck. I have never, ever in my entire life had a breakout on my neck. It's really nasty and all concentrated in one area, only on the left side of my neck. Oddly, I only ever seem to get acne on the left side of my face. Around my lip, and chin, and now neck, but on the left side only. What's the deal? I'm super frustrated about this breakout because wth, neck acne was never a problem. It's itchy and red, and some of the pimples are white. I stopped wearing makeup as of yesterday.   The only thing I am thinking is the Alpha Hydrox, because I do tend to bring it down on my neck if I've put too much on. Would this cause acne to come out on my neck? I'm just frustrated because even when I was sleeping in my makeup and not ever washing my face I had zero issues with neck acne. Any help is super appreciated.    Now that I think about it, that makes a lot of sense. Especially considering I seriously only get acne around mouth and chin. I'm going to try it! Thanks!    What is SLS?    AM: I rinse my face with water, use a stridex pad on my face, then use 2.5% BP on my acne on my chin and lip area. Follow that with sunscreen and then makeup.   PM: Mineral oil to take off my makeup, Cerave foaming cleanser to get rid of the oil, then I use Alpha Hydrox as my AHA, wait half hour, then use the 2.5% BP on my chin and lip area. Then Cerave in the tub. I also put a clean t-shirt on my pillow case every night.   I've been doing this routine with some minor changes (added in the AHA a week and a half ago) for about two months.   Problems:  I always have at least one pimple in my lip area. It drives me nuts. I dont really get pimples anywhere but my lips and chin. What's up with that? I read that my lipstick could cause it, so I only put vaseline on my lips. Same problem.   Also, I have a lot of bumps and redness on my chin and neck. It feels pretty smooth but I can see the bumps and it looks pretty wonky. Is there a reason I only seem to have acne issues on my chin and neck?   Last problem, my eyes are always dry. My left eye in particular, it is like, scaly and flaky and weird looking where I would put eyeshadow. I put this eye cream on it from Lancome and it hasn't really help. How can I better moisturize that area?  Thanks for the help!    Damn that looks cool. I'm gonna try this later!    Hahaha omg I do the exact same thing.    From my understanding CC is not allowed according to the rules unless specifically asked for.    I've heard that 10% BP is too harsh for some people, but since it's just a wash and not a spot treatment I'm not too sure.   Maybe you could try a different cleanser?   I also heard from someone on here that lots of acne on the jaw line is usually hormonal acne, which could be controlled with birth control.    /r/cringe    Lmao that describes me and my boyfriend perfectly.    Yeah! That shit is expensive.    Most Universities will allow a late withdrawal, I had to meet with the dean to discuss my academics and why I wasn't succeeding, then I had to release my medical records to them go prove I was legitimately having problems in school and not just being lazy. My therapist with the school recommended I meet with the dean and started the process for me. I would look into it, especially if you believe you will fail some or all of your classes.    This is awesome advice! I've used my school's counseling services a lot, and for one really nasty semester they even got me a medical withdraw from the semester due to mental health issues. So happy I didn't end up with a bunch of failed classes! They even have a psychiatrist on staff who prescribed me some medication.   I feel that way a lot in classrooms. I've found that incorporating exercise into my life (even just walking) calms me down considerably throughout the day, and doing meditation has been proven to work even if you don't know what you're doing. I sometimes look up Youtube videos of meditations (like 10-20 minutes).   You could also talk to your doctor about getting prescribed something for your anxiety if it is interfering with school.    Yeah, first time I had sex it wasn't painful. Just really short and disappointing lol.    I bought a bunch today! I love it. I have no self control around nail polish that's on sale!    Can I post about my skin on my arms and legs?   Right now I'm troubleshooting with reducing the bumpy redness on my legs mostly. I was told it's probably KP, so I bought the new gold bonds lotion for bumpy and rough skin.  In the morning I use a salicylic acid body wash (I think a Walgreens brand product) on my arms and legs, then I use a regular gold bonds moisturizer or sunscreen. Then at night I use the gold bonds KP lotion.   I have been doing this for about three weeks. Basically my skin is crazy smooth but it still looks red and bumpy. What else can I try here? It isn't super noticeable but I'm paranoid about it and want nice skin!   Thank you!    It was making my skin sort of dry. I definitely wanted to try something from Paulas choice! Thanks for the tips!    AM: Splash face with water, cerave in the tub and Neutrogena sunscreen spf 30.  PM: Remove makeup with mineral oil, Cerave gentle foaming cleanser, Neutrogena stress control with 2% salicylic acid toner, cerave in a tub moisturizer, Burts bees spot treatment with tea tree oil.   I introduced these products one at a time, been using this set up for three weeks. I have normal skin but I have a lot of closed comedomes which I want to get rid of, and I tend to get breakouts only on my chin and right underneath my chin. I was considering adding in a BHA but not sure which one to pick! I also want to reduce the appearance of SFs on my nose.   Thanks!    Your butthurt is strong.    Same here.   I was going to say that too! Love her hair.   Is it necessary in the morning to use both a moisturizer and a sunscreen? My morning routine is to splash my face with water and then moisturize with cerave in the tub and then I use a Neutrogena sunscreen. My face is pretty greasy at that point, is that normal?  Would it not be hydrating enough if I skipped the moisturizer and used just the sunscreen?   Unfortunately only she can make the decision to lose weight. It took me a while to decide I had the will power to do it. If you eat healthy and exercise hopefully that will be enough to encourage her eventually. But any kind of comment on it will most likely only make her feel worse.    Oh cool! My local grocery store does have a indian section so I'll try there.   Oh no!! I had issues with diarrhea when I first started. I think it's because I was eating very low fat and switch to lots of fats very quickly. After a week or two I started never having to poop haha. So now I take a fiber supplement. I still don't poop a lot but oh well!   It sounds delicious! I love indian food. Where can you get garam masala?    Generally the food I have has to be cooked, I don't like to have snacks because I know I will want to eat them.  If I'm feeling very hungry I drink water or broth. Usually that helps curb my cravings. Sometimes I just need to go for a walk or distract myself. Intense video gaming helps haha!   Do you measure your food? That is more reliable for calorie counting. Also, she may not be losing weight but losing inches. She should take measurements, like hips and waist.   I suggest eating less calories and incorporating exercise. If she still has not lost weight I would recommend she see a doctor.   Haha I have chicken thighs in my freezer too. I gotta use em!   You guys are adorable.   You are awesome, thank you for giving me the perfect thing to say to rude people!   Seriously, I've been lurking here for a few weeks and updated my skin care routine, my face looks great and it feels so smooth.    So my mom tells me I inherited this from my dad, but I have little bumps on my arms and legs that are sometimes red and occasionally scabby. It's really not that noticeable unless you look close, but I'm super envious of girls who have silky smooth legs. I'd like to improve this and have it be smoother when I run my hands on my skin!   I only use regular dove soap on my skin and then gold bonds lotion occasionally on my legs. Like I said my skin has always been like this so I don't believe it's a reaction to any product I have used!   Thank you guys!   The reason I said that is because you post in a subreddit called fatpeoplehate. I mean it's right in the name.    Are you on my fitness pal? I have a ton of friends on there from this sub and the main keto sub and it helps keep me motivated. Family and friends all know about my diet and support me, and keep me in line (my dad, for example, the annoying person that he is, called me out for indulging in a bite of a cream puff over the weekend).  Other than positive support from peers and online, you need to be able to motivate yourself. Keep a list of why you are doing keto on your fridge. Don't go anywhere you may be tempted to eat carbs. Only keep healthy food in the house. Experiment with keto cooking and find ways to satisfy your cravings - if I want something sweet I make fat bombs and if I want pizza I make an almond flour pizza crust.   The other thing is don't knock yourself for making mistakes. Eat an oreo? Who cares, continue keto from that point on. If you feel guilty about it, it usually makes you want to binge on carbs all day. Learn to pick yourself up immediately after making a mistake.   I hope that helps!     Get rid of the scale completely, or give it to someone you trust and only weigh yourself every week or so.   I'm getting a little to obsessive with the scale myself and I decided to rely more on measurements than the scale. You might want to attempt to participate in no weigh August!    It just feels really fucked up to get your motivation from hating other people. That can't be healthy.    That's my hobby too! I've been playing Skyrim a lot lately.    If someone told me this story in person that is literally the exact thing I would tell them.    Just gotta keep calm and keto on! I had a bit of a slip up yesterday at a fair I went to. I just needed to plan my day better and bring something small to snack on to keep me satiated. I find once I slip up a tiny bit, I use it as an excuse to just keep eating like crap. Thankfully I'm back on the keto wagon again today!   Oh damn, I never thought of this, such a good idea!    If someone is the type to claim I have "daddy issues" I'm going to throw it right back in their face. Should have clarified.    I like to tell men who annoy me that they have "mommy issues." It takes them off guard and freaks them out. Then they get defensive and it is hilarious.   FC is 0447-6006-7062.     0447-6006-7062! I'll have my town open, I just got back into it so it's kind of a mess.   	83
 I'm not very good so I liked that I was able to accomplish most of the things on the map; just feeling like it was worth my time made it fun. I suppose it wouldn't be for most really good players.   I loved buried :(   This is really cool. Thanks a bunch!    Scrubs   last commercial break guys. Make it count.   This cage looks a lot more intimidating    I legitimately thought he was blind, missed the first few seconds and I though it was going to be ryback writing something mean for his son, er... I feel bad now...     I commented below, this is my first smackdown in a while, and I'm incredibly surprised. I stopped watching it about six months ago because of how bad it is, but I feel like I've been missing out now! Definitely going to start following it again.   Woah, did they just acknowledge that Ryback was above/below the be a star program?   This smackdown has been really badass. Here's to setting a trend!   BLOOD ON SMACKDOWN   I've never been a big fan of big show's finisher being "punch someone really hard," but I'm starting to come around   Okay, that Rock Paper Scissors bit was awesome.   Am I the only one seeing Orton keep clenching his teeth randomly making his cheeks go back and forth when he's not talking?   Bum bum bum buuuuuuuuum   First smackdown I've seen in a while!   I'm so conflicted, I don't know enough information to decide who i should up vote   "And why you'd leave the stage in the middle of a song"  Rascal Flatts - Why    "I don't have roses in the closet  But I have pictures in a drawer  It takes everything left in me  Not to stare at them anymore"   Sorry about the formatting :/   I used to spend hours on the Internet looking at photos Trying to find ones that illustrated the feelings that I never could I didn't really know what love was, Because I hadn't really felt it yet So everyday I just focused on me My head Me But it wasn't me And no matter how hard I tried It's so hard,  I couldn't be happy on my birthday And I really Really Wanted to be happy on my moms Birthday But see, I'm not allowed to be happy when I should be And definitely not allowed to cry when I'm sad And when everything's going wrong And I shouldn't continue The hypo mania feels glorious Every thought is an epiphany unto the source of pure joy The most painful feeling I've ever felt has to be when I realize I should be crying and I can't  Not being in control of my emotions makes it really hard to interact with people It was really hard to be friends with me When you never know who I might be at the time But you You I met you And for the first time in a long time As long as I can remember I felt, deep inside, like I was me. And any time I didn't show up for school You called me And as we got to know each other, I focused on your eyes You were so beautiful And as hard as my mind tried, It wasn't able to fuck with me any more Because for once, I was able to be happy when I should be You have no idea how that felt It was love And it was outside the bounds of my head which I had been living in for so long But you didn't know why it meant so much So much more than it should have Than I looked like And when I came over to your house every day for weeks, even when you didn't want me to You didn't know that it was me coming over And not my mind And that separation was glorious And so you got scared And told me I shouldn't come over so much What you didn't know was that I couldn't be me without you I couldn't be me without you I couldn't be me without you And so my friends told me to cut ties with you That I shouldn't live off of you That you couldn't breath life into me if you only did it when you felt like it So I did I left And now I spend a lot of time on the Internet Searching for something that might allow me to feel me again And now that every day is a day I should be crying Every day is a painful day Because I can't And no one calls me When I don't show up for school       Haha, actually, it is, but that's not where i first saw it. There was a cooking forum a long, long time ago where an English gentleman described a pudding recipe as wanky. I took liberties and now it's a phrase I use a bunch :P   I appreciate that. Thank you. The noise is actually my fan, I record a lot of poems (just for myself, I dunno why I do it) but I've left it on in every one, so I think it just provides consistency for me. Oddly important to my process.   Lifesaver Gummies... Oh man...   I got a but scared reading this, because I felt like you must be the only other person on the planet who felt exactly like me. Oh well, I guess I just had to reply to let you know there are more of us out there. I know it usually doesn't seem like it. Bipolar type two, your description of emotion is... So unfortunately true. The meds make it impossible to feel.   Thanks man!   I loved my omega super soft, I putted two handed with it. Lost it three weeks ago :/   I..is it okay?   \0/   This is me desperately trying to find someone to hug, maybe we'll get lucky and run into each other.   I would wake up tomorrow and have a best friend.    In other words, If you woke up tomorrow and one thing in your life was different, what would you want it to be?   She deleted her account, and I have no idea why    Solaris   I posted a few weeks ago on here, and a user named I-can-listen send me messages. We communicated almost daily, and she's one of the only things I have in my life. If you can make her see this, it would help so much.   God you really make sense, but I don't know if I have the strength to not fall for everyone I meet. I guess it's just a problem. Last night was really bad, I cut a bit but that's only the second time it's gotten that bad. I hope it doesn't get like that again.   I want to buy you a pizza.    I fell in love. With a girl around Christmas. She left me for her abusive ex. My friends left me when I needed them to be there for me. I just met a girl who seemed like she was someone who wouldn't hurt me. We've been dating for a few weeks now, and were supposed to go out tonight but she asked if it was alright if she went on a girls night. I said of course. I went out with a friend of mine, not really a friend, but company, and guess what. She was there with a guy, alone. On a date.   Every time, I meet someone whom I trust completely, and I give myself to them. I cannot find a single person on this world who would do the same for me. They ALL have somebody. No one is truly alone. And if that's true than there's no one for me. I just can't do it anymore, my heart will never heal. It's been too long. I guess I'm just posting here to hear what you have to say, but I guarantee you're not alone. You have someone. If you don't, meet me, then someone who's not me, but more important than me, will show up.     I spent five months falling in love with a girl who said she loved me back, but was never there for me. I ignored the fact that I was never an important part of her life, and she stabbed me in the back more times than I can count. Three weeks ago I told her I was having an episode, she's helped me with depression, and she said we weren't good for each other as friends. (Not quite sure where the connection between the two comes from). Anyway, I've been miserable for three weeks, I deleted her number, but this morning I saw posts on Facebook that she's in a relationship with a guy I know and hate, and they were chatting back and forth and I've been crying ever since. I've dealt with depression long before I met her, but these three weeks and today are crushing me. I just need someone to tell me what to do so I feel better, because with depression, it's like every day makes me reach the limit of things I can handle. I can't handle this too :(       Uh oh, it's been a week. I have the photo. Aw hell yeah.    It's my cake day, anything can happen  	41
 I've surrounded myself with people who have mental illnesses and broken families. I don't know why, but I find it comforting. If you ever need to talk,I'm around. And I swear I'm not a creepy guy sitting in a basement 0.0    Okay, my mom had me at the ripe ol' age of 16. I had a lot of hard times in my life because of that, so I have to ask, why not out your children up for adoption? I would have asked to be put up for adoption if I had any sense of what was going on when I was a newborn, and I know it would have been the better choice. So, why not? Am I just generalizing my experiences?   I'm a number 6...   SIXES FOR THE WORLD!   I feel like I'm the only one outside of my friend group at school, sometimes, which sucks. It'd be nice to know that there are other people my age who have these problems.    Yes, I do. Generalized Anxiety Disorder, but mostly social anxiety.   Usually, hanging out and talking to him works, but, as I said, I can't today. What people don't usually get is that he was my best friend before we were together so I've always depended on him, ever since we were really little.    I have an anxiety disorder, so my being upset could be for many reasons, or no reason at all.   	6
    this finally confirms my suspicion that girls in fact do shit. i have been lied to for years.   http://www.urbanoutfitters.com/urban/catalog/productdetail.jsp?id=25490293 any thoughts on this bag? does anyone have experience with herschel?   i was hoping to spend at most around 70 dollars, but that might not be an option considering some of the other responses.    "oh shit, i saw a picture of a shark, it must be in my room! lets get the hell outta here!"   looking for a new messenger bag, for cycling, school ect. already tried mec, the options werent super great. thanks!   this eerily reminds me of the change in dynamic between lucky and pozzo in waiting for godot.   i call bullshit. you have to write your instructor's name on your essays, exams, pretty much everything. either you REALLY never went to class, or this is a complete fabrication.   	8
 Seriously, the waiting is the worst!!! My husband and I keep touching my belly saying "come on baby, time to make your appearance!!" But he just wriggles and gets comfortable. Grr. Gonna bust out some nipple stimulation soon!   Agreed. My psychiatrist, OB, and GP have all told me that my mental stability is more important to baby than breast milk. If I pop this kid out and breastfeeding just causes me to spiral, I'll gladly go to exclusive formula rather than risk my mental health.    Currently pregnant, I've always been told 24 weeks. But this is also from the date of my last period, not the ovulation date.    Benadryl. It's the only way I can fall asleep anymore. If I fall asleep on my own, it's at 3am after a night of tossing and turning which, at this point, is very painful. Then I wake up every 90 minutes to either pee or jab my husband bc he's snoring like crazy. Then it takes me 15+ minutes to fall back asleep.    I was on vaginal progesterone my first trimester and was given a bunch of applicators. Big flat white pill.  I guess it could be shoved up their with a finger?   Unless the daughter is trying to go to a school like Art Institute, then there's not really another major there that she could double major in that would be employable.     Metformin won't have any effect on whether or not you get GD according to doctor.  I was insulin resistant before pregnancy and didn't get GD.  PCOS and insulin resistance does increase your chances *a little* but taking Metformin won't prevent it.     I've never seen those sizes before, the sizes here are Preemie, Newborn, 0-3 mos, 3-6mos, etc...  I'm packing 8 outfits total for baby, 4 of each NB size and 0-3mos size in case baby doesn't fit into NB.  I'm far enough along that baby won't be preemie sized.   What my doctor said is that "Metformin helps women with PCOS get pregnant by balancing out the hormones and helping ovulation.  Once you're pregnant your body will take over after the placenta is formed."    I took it until 6 weeks pregnant and then I was on progesterone supplementation because my progesterone was low.  All of my reproductive endocrinologist, general practitioner, and OB said to go off it.  Who am I to argue with all that education?  Just listen to your doctor/midwife, (s)he really does know best.   Amen to having PP help the first week.  I see so many women on here who are very adamant about being alone with SO and LO the first week.  I plan on calling my MIL as much as possible (since she offered as much help as I need) to get me into the groove of things.  I can't imagine not having help of some sort.   Yeah, I woke up in a panic after that one.   Well today we got word that we got approved for the rental house we applied for.  About 30 minutes after getting the news, I took a nap.  In my dream, my husband was sleeping in the guest room (with no marital issues) but the one caveat was that the owner of the house ran a boutique out of the guest room, so my husband had to be up and out of the room by 5:30am every day, which never happens.  So there was a big fight about that.  Then I had to participate in a karaoke contest, but the focus was on the lipstick color I decided to wear during my performance.  The judge/host was a tyrant and wouldn't let me choose my song and wouldn't tell me when I was going on stage.  I also couldn't find my favorite lipstick that looks awesome on me, so I started breaking down into tears, screaming at the woman about how unfair it was.  WTF brain...  Previous pregnancy dreams include:  Recurring dream of having to get a c-section, but the doctor can't get to the baby so they just sew me back up and shrug, saying "maybe next time!"  Giving birth, and within 2 hours my baby is driving a car (as a baby-sized human), talking, crawling, walking, etc...  Giving birth to a baby whose body, when swaddled, is the size shape of a baguette, but whose head is the size of a large olive.  Can't breast feed, I have to feed him with an eye dropper and he projectile vomits after every feeding.  Freaking terrifying.   Yess that sketch!!! "Amest I bovver-ed, forsooth?"   My mental health after my dad died while I was in college. My doctor had me on a high dose of zoloft and I was numb to most things but would break down and become really irrational. We were also in a LDR at the time. He told me recently that once he almost dropped me off after a weekend together and was going to call it off but he decided not to. The next week I started weaning off zoloft and things got dramatically better. Lower dose celexa works so much better for me anyways.   Since we got married we've also struggled with a sudden jump in my anxiety but he's been such a trooper. I don't really deserve how wonderfully he treats me.    Sounds like round ligament pain. Totally normal.    My tactic is similar, only I lean as far back as I can while I'm on the toilet. Then when I'm done, I rock forward a little. That always seems to empty whatever is left in my bladder.    I was 215 before pregnancy. DH felt baby at around 28 weeks for the first time.    Probably not L D. Just call your OB when the office opens and ask. My mom said when she went into labor with me it felt like someone was poking a pencil into her cervix. So there's a possibility it could be something, but I highly doubt it.    Yay! I love reading stories like yours. My MIL is awesome too!    Roller suitcase for toiletries and clothes, camera bag for camera, my purse, and my husband's messenger bag for tablet, book, cards, etc   Cilantro. It's what I imagine satan's asshole tastes like.    Not a rant, but I started losing my mucus plug today (Sunday night)!! I still have a lot of clothes to wash and chest of drawers to organize and an apartment to clean. Grrrrr. Maybe I'll just put it off and get a manicure after my cervical check tomorrow.     I'm pretty religious and I would absolutely consider taking shrooms or acid in a very controlled environment. I suffer from anxiety and depression and am very curious about the effects of psychedelics on these mental conditions.   I also know of one person who converted to a religion based on an experience he had while doing psychedelic drugs.    Another important thing: if you supplement with formula at all, make sure you do paced bottle feeding so they have to work just as hard for the formula as they do for breast milk.  Otherwise the baby may prefer the bottle because it's so much easier to feed than from the breast and they form a bottle preference.   Yup, I've been there before. This may sound cliche but it has helped me. When you start to get nervous, think "being anxious about this helps absolutely nothing. It is pointless and a waste of energy. Nothing bad is going to happen" and do your breathing. Breathe through it until it's over.    I know a mom of 3 young children who uses essential oils to treat things like strep throat. And one of her children was born with a heart defect. I'm so sick of seeing all the EO posts all over social media. EOs can be very dangerous, but people are sprinkling them everywhere for anything they can think of.    Not to mention Adore had given her permission to have that picture used on their web series. Did she give the ok expecting to be tooted?    Hmmm I never thought of it that way. Very true. Just sucks that the most obnoxious horns get the most attention.    Female here, who believes in gender equality:  Why not call it gender egalitarianism, then?  Feminism exists only to increase advantages of the female gender.  While I agree that in most aspects, men have the advantage, why aren't feminists trying to reduce the stigma attached with, say, male elementary teachers?  Or any male workers around children?  I've heard personal anecdotes of men being accused of being pedophiles for taking pictures of their daughters at public parks. If feminism was truly about gender equality, we would also hear more about certain inequalities that men face where women have the advantage and work to fix those things as well.   The problem is that the majority of the good cops have an idea of what the dirty cops are doing and don't do/say anything about it, because the repercussions can be career-ending.  There's just not enough accountability.   I'm so sick of hearing this one co-worker of mine bitch about any current music that isn't Muse, and how we're all sheeple for following the popular music trends and how his music preference is superior to everyone else's.      Yup, that's my Wii U.  Holding out for SSB.   Is sexual compatibility already determined before someone has sex?  If libido has been discussed before two virgins get married (like, how much each person thinks about sex) and it is determined they are a good match in that regard, there is still room for sexual incompatibility?  Learning about one's sexual identity with another person who is brand new to the game too can be a fun and exciting experience.  Not to mention the fact that sex may not have as much importance in a relationship as it does to you.     Do you know the cause of your attacks? Or does the adrenaline just flow with no thought causing it? Maybe sit close by the door and take deep breaths, try to assure yourself this won't go on forever. Go outside and breathe deep, or go to the bathroom and get a wet paper towel and apply to the back of your neck. Try opening and clenching your hands, sometimes getting blood out of your torso can help.    Great advice! One thing you said has echoed what my psychiatrist said: the best way to avoid postpartum depression is to prioritize sleep.   I'll definitely be checking out that book you recommend.    Different love languages. When my husband does stuff around the house for me I get incredibly turned on. Especially when I didn't have to ask him to do it in the first place.    I've heard it's a way for them to practice breathing while in the womb.  Their diaphragm is being worked the same way ours does when we inhale and exhale.   Yikes. Just assure her there was a bullet dodged there.    Chicken and dumplings. Chicken pot pie. I gotta stop watching Food Network.    Does your pain feel muscular or like it's in the shoulder joint? I've been having shoulder pain tonight that feels muscular but I chalked it up to sitting funny all day today. BP has been normal, so no pre-e. No gallbladder either. Siiggh can we just be done?!   In the middle of college I packed up and moved to Nashville. This was in 2009, right when the economy took a dump and unemployment was through the roof. The 3 months I was there I couldn't find a job despite trying for 8 hours every day, applying for the lowliest jobs u could. Had to have my parents bail me out of my lease and I moved back home to finish school while living with them. Should've just been a commuter student from the time I graduated high school. I definitely regret my decision to try out Nashville.    I'm exhausted all the time, too (37 weeks).  Do you find you're eating a lot of carbs lately?  I don't have GD but I've realized if I eat/drink a lot of carbs/sugar then I get really sleepy.    You should check out Happy Valley   I'm on bed rest and have been for 3 weeks.  So far I've watched: Bones, Sons of Anarchy, Good Eats, New Girl, Blacklist, Happy Valley (VERY GOOD), United States of Tara, Rectify, Frisky Business (good doc show about a sex toy company in the UK), Better Off Ted, Doomsday Preppers, and Malcolm in the Middle.   It's because the mother's milk hasn't come in yet and they are only surviving on colostrum (if exclusively breast feeding) for the first couple of days.    If I weren't on bedrest I'd come up with a really clever costume that would include my hugely pregnant belly.  But since I'm on bed rest, the baby will probably come before Halloween due to induction.  If not, I'll be sitting on the couch eating all the candy.   Yikes! I was considering starting to use my pump this weekend (at 37+1) but if it's that fast maybe I'll hold off!   I've only had people be weirded out by the spelling of our baby's name.  I'm sure if we lived in the UK it wouldn't be seen as an odd spelling, but living in Texas people are like "how do you pronounce that??" or when I tell them the spelling they get odd looks on their faces.  Whatever.   The nipple stimulation is incorrect.  Studies have shown dates reduce the need for induction or augmentation to start labor.    http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21280989   I have PCOS and am currently 37 weeks pregnant.  My progesterone was always low in the first trimester, despite being on a combined total of 900mg of progesterone daily.  I think I was usually bouncing between 9 and 15.  But I still believe being on that supplemental progesterone helped.  Good luck!   Because even a hard penis has some give to it, and the cervix is still between your dick and the baby.  Also, babies are a lot more resilient than people give them credit for.     Currently 37 weeks pregnant and I'm thankful that my son is a lot like your other child, just stretching and readjusting, no violent rolling or kicking.   How are your ovaries sick?  I thought the same, since I have PCOS, and here I am 37 weeks pregnant.     In most cases at this point, the baby's head is firmly lodged in the cervix, way down low.  So the only time you're close to pushing the baby's head is when you're having sex.   Currently pregnant with a son. I dread the day this is going to happen.    After I was horribly dumped in 12th grade I had a freak out argument with my ex- in his front yard that ended with a group of our friends and his mother walking onto the lawn and his mother yelling "train_subject5080, what is wrong with you?!" I definitely left with my tail between my legs. I let my teenage hormones and emotions get the best of me after my boyfriend of 2 years dumped me "because God told him to."    Maybe "begotten" is the keyword. Maybe Their belief is that Jesus is the only offspring of God that is "begotten"?    Is there a recent thread dedicated to locations of r/Christianity subscribers? Id like to see if a Houston meet up would be plausible but I don't want to create a whole new thread for it if there's not enough interest    Same here!   Currently on modified bed rest for hypertension. Decided yesterday to deep clean my bathroom, including removing the toilet seat and scrubbing it in the bath tub. Couldn't finish reinstalling the toilet seat because my hands swelled up so much. Thankfully BP was back to normal by yesterday evening but I felt like hell all day afterwards. Guess that's all the nesting I'll be doing :/   I was told the most severe side effect is a slight rise in body temp, like one degree. That wouldn't affect baby and if I had it, just take some tylenol.    Low libido here and having a boy.    Had my first bout of nesting today. Cleaned the bathroom and kitchen. Now I'm exhausted. This baby needs to make an appearance.    Benadryl is diphenhydramine, not pseudophedrine.   Oh man now I'm craving it. Too bad it's 11:30pm.    Thank you for posting this. EOs can actually be dangerous!   Any formula brand is fine, generic included.  They're highly regulated by the FDA for their nutritional benefits.   Agreed. Had my first one yesterday. Yikes!   At a certain point, yes.  3 months may be too young to do this.     They also make white noise machines for this exact purpose.  I've heard amazing things about them.   I wish I could tell this to some parents I know.  One mother has a 2 year old daughter who has to nurse to sleep, despite the mother's milk drying up because she got pregnant again.  So the kid just has to suck on a boob to sleep or else will cry until she falls asleep.  Mother refuses to even try crying it out to teach her daughter to self-soothe.    I would rather go through a stressful transition period than have a child attached to my tit for its entire childhood.   I try not to eat between 7pm and 8:30pm when I take my BP.  I've had higher readings when I stuffed my face around 7:30pm.   I used to think the same thing until I started looking for houses. Yes, some HOAs can be ridiculous, but most of the ones I have come across simply maintain the neighborhood to a certain standard. I don't want to live in a neighborhood where my neighbor can go months without mowing his lawn, because it makes the neighborhood look like shit. Same with putting a sofa on the front lawn or other things that make the rest of the neighborhood look trashy.   Some are ridiculous though. My in laws are remodeling their house and they had to fill out forms to get approval for all the renovations.  If I want new countertops, that should be my decision only as it doesn't affect how the rest of the neighborhood looks.    Oh God yes.  Alyssa Edwards. Tongue pops and nails everywhere.    Just calm down, relax, and avoid Google. I have gestational hypertension and if I stay home and relax, my BP is perfectly controlled. Reading about it online and working yourself into anxiety attacks won't help you or baby. Just set up two times a day to check your BP (I do 8:30 am and pm), make sure you're relaxing for 15 minutes before taking it. Do breathing exercises. You'll be fine :)   I would love chipotle if they didn't load up their rice with cilantro. Thankfully I'm in Texas where I can get freebird's instead, since they use mexican rice.    Yup! I used to eat turkey and margarine sandwiches when I was a kid and around 13 weeks I had horrible cravings for them.  I never gave in as it grossed me out a little too and I was paranoid about listeria. Weird how these things creep back up on you!   I'm guilty of using almost every other term in this thread, so no worries.   I know people who have baby talked their child so much that it has started to seep into adult conversations.  And one of my husband's co workers still baby talks to her 5 year old.  Not surprisingly, he isn't great at verbal communication.   When people refer to newborns as "delicious" or other food-like adjectives.  The baby is not a food item, you will not be eating the baby.  The baby may be cute, adorable, etc... but *NOT* delicious.   I haven't even seen much hate for Capaldi's Doctor.  Maybe it's because I don't actively look at DW stuff outside of this subreddit, but I've only seen a couple of negative opinions of him.   Muslims believe Jesus was a prophet, just like Mohammed. Neither are viewed as divine in Islam.    My husband and I left LCMS for similar reasons. We are so much happier in the ELCA. All the liturgy, none of the bigotry!   What kind of Baptist are you referencing? I grew up Southern Baptist and it was not Calvinist in the slightest. I had never heard of Calvinism until the John Piper fad started in the early 00's.    36 weeks today! Next appointment is tomorrow, where I'm hoping we will discuss an induction date!  Had my baby shower yesterday after a horrible night of insomnia. Got home and my BP was perfect, thankfully. Bed rest seems to be doing its job!   I have no idea what I'm going to do with all this stuff we got from the shower. Thankfully we don't need much more!   Dates have been shown to assist in the ripening of the cervix, making it go faster. May not induce the ripening but definitely helps progress things. Can't find a study bc I'm on mobile but they have been shown to help.    Mine hasn't been too bad until this last week.  I just want to cry because I'm so tired but nothing is working.  I'm actually eating a lot of candy right now hoping that I'll sugar crash and pass out as a last resort (thank God for no GD).     Do not quit Prozac cold turkey unless under a doctor's supervision!!  I'm 36 weeks pregnant and taking Prozac.  If your anxiety and depression interferes with your life, the stress of dealing with that can be worse for you and baby than being on the medication while pregnant.  Please stay on the medication until you have your doctor's appointment, or call the doctor before your appointment (like, in the next couple of days) and ask his recommendation for the Prozac.   Prozac is safe for pregnancy, too.  I'm 36 weeks pregnant and currently on Prozac.   Kill me.  I barely slept last night, maybe 4 hours total on and off.  Then I had my baby shower today, which was amazing but freaking exhausting.  Now it's 11:20pm and I can't sleep again.  Benadryl has absolutely no effect, even when taking a dose equivalent to a Unisom.  And my husband is in there after falling asleep in literally 90 seconds.  At least I have a lot of baby shower stuff to catalog, snacks to eat, and a good book to read.  Any suggestions on falling asleep other than a diphenhydramine-based medicine?   Also 249   louetta.    It was wonderful!  And with both sexes invited, we got tons of loot!    Baby shower today! It's a coed BBQ so lots of brisket, sausage, potato salad, and cobbler! Can't wait!  I haven't had any caffeine the last 2 months and I had like 4 diet cokes yesterday. I haven't slept more than 3 hours last night. Not super happy.    And as hard as it is to believe, traffic in Austin is worse than in Houston    Can these be common among certain ethnicities? Half of the small company I work for is from Beijing and half of those people have ass breath.    Haven't had my baby yet but had to pay my deductible to my OB, which was $1800.  I got another bill from the hospital saying I'll owe $600.  The bill I paid to my OB covered vaginal delivery, his appointments and services before baby is born and one post partum appointment.  Doesn't cover any of the hospital expenses.  We'll probably end up being billed around $2800 total including deductible.   Every day, every hour I feel the same way.  My husband does too.  There are times we look at each other and go "what the fuck did we do??" and it gets scarier as it gets closer.  The only thing that is consoling me is that there are people out there who are in worse situations than I am (and who are worse people than I am) who somehow raise healthy children.  I'm also judgey and I have certain acquaintances who are mothers and I find myself thinking "if SHE can do it, I can do it."     I've heard this from a lot of older women, but most of my friends who have given birth in the last 2 years have said "that's complete bullshit, you'll probably sleep better!"    My MIL has been doing the same lately, too.  She's like "Seriously, cherish the time you have now because your life will never. be. the same. again!!!"  I want to tell her to STFU because it's not making my husband's views on the pregnancy any better, I think he's mourning the loss of his current care-free life.    Not to mention the fact that heavy whipping cream doesn't have much lactose in it at all.     As someone of average attractiveness (and I'm pudgy), I refuse to go to any of the "hot" bars or clubs because I will absolutely be ignored for all the pretty things in tight dresses.  I've waited 15 minutes to order drinks before, even with trying to flag down the bartenders multiple times.     I may have turned down inductions if I didn't have any complications at all.  But I have had hypertension, so I trust my doctor's judgement when he suggests to induce early.   Bed rest seems to be effective. Blood pressure is completely normal! Going to get my caterpillar eyebrows tamed sometime today for my baby shower on Saturday. Talked to doctor on Monday and will be induced before 40 weeks to avoid potential problems which I am perfectly fine with.   And all I want now is 2 donuts and a kolache. Need to make a Shipley's run soon.    Yup! Taking BP twice daily and weekly doctor appointments :)   Clearly you haven't been to the Houston Medical Center, the largest medical center **in the world**   Your story sounds identical to mine.  I was on 30mg Celexa before getting pregnant.  Weaned off around 12 weeks pregnant, then in late July my panic came back full force.  I am currently on 10mg of Prozac.  It's much better for baby and me to not be stressed out all the time than for the baby to come into contact with a little bit of an SSRI.  I know people who have had anxiety so severe that they stayed on Klonopin during their pregnancy and their child turned out fine.    I'm currently 36 weeks, and I still have moments of anxiety, but the medication definitely helps.  I couldn't function at work, my blood pressure was up.  I knew I needed help.  I went back to my psychiatrist and we both decided it was the best route to go for the end of this pregnancy.  This also gives a jump start on helping with PPA or PPD.  Since it's such a low dose it shouldn't affect baby that much at all.    :) Thanks.  Mine's been mostly normal, just some hypertension lately.  So ready to not be pregnant anymore.     Damn, did they tell you how/why?    Ahhh I'm almost 9 mos pregnant.  Should not have read this.   Same with my MIL, but they're wealthy and usually pretty frugal.  It's her first grandchild so I'm just letting her do what she wants and buy us a lot of stuff.   Been in our current apartment for 2 1/2 years, but we'll be moving around November 15th to a rental house.  Not enough room in this apartment for all 3 of us :)  Lived in Houston all my life save for a couple years in college where I went to schools out of the city.  Always returned, though!   35 weeks here. Get the chest flutters every day.  Doctor says it's s normal due to increased blood supply. It's just really obnoxious.    Been on bed rest the last 2 weeks (currently 35 weeks). Asked my doctor if I'll make it to 40 weeks and he said he will probably want to induce me before then. Cue huge sigh of relief. I want to be induced so badly.    We met in 7th grade English class (public school). First impression of him: dumb football jock.   His first impression of me: snooty private school transfer.    Prepared? Yes. Ready? NOOOOOPE.  Having all the typical "am I fit to be a mother?" doubts.  My husband's even worse.  He's over the pregnancy but he is terrified of what happens when baby comes out.  We're going to be a mess but I'm sure we'll survive.   Same!  Due beginning of November but due to gestational hypertension, doc will probably want to induce early.  AHH!   I can say with 100% certainty I would not have made the same choice.    	117
             Very well - I had absolutely no idea!   Absolutely love that colour.                  Yeah I'll be honest, I didn't know whether or not I was stretching the definition of the term by posting it, but I decided to post it and let the mods decide her fate!                                  Haha I noticed that - is it a guy with one of those rage comic trololo faces??   That's exactly where my frustration comes from. I try hard to post fresh content here, checking to make sure it's not in the top 50, or been posted in the last 15 days, and to come on and see that someone has actually taken the time to post such a nitpicking comment does my head in. I could understand if I'd posted a picture of a purple dress and said 'Green dress!', but red and orange are hardly a million miles away from each other. Surely people's enjoyment of these pictures aren't actually affected by any minor discrepancy between the title and what the picture actually shows?      I tried to find pictures that showed the heels more, but I couldn't :( This pic will have to do I'm afraid!               [Fill your boots, good sir.](http://imgur.com/a/c6mJA)   Ah, really? :(   Indeed. Amy Childs isn't exactly what one would call a lady :D            Eva Notty was my absolute favourite porn star until her most recent breast expansion. I think they just look awful now, whereas they used to look fantastic :(   Wow! Can anyone ID?               That would be a bit *too* niche surely? :)   I am genuinely mystified as to why people post comments like this. So you came here to point out my mistake, saw that someone else had already done so, yet rather than just upvote them and move on, you upvoted (presumably) and then added this completely pointless comment. Are you really that desperate for everyone reading to know that you also spotted the mistake? That's the kind of thing I see in primary schools when a pupil blurts out 'I knew that!' when someone else gets the chance to answer, because they can't bear the thought of the teacher not acknowledging them for it.   No, my eyes don't need checking. The reason I thought it was orange is because my room is dimly lit in the evenings, and I also run a program called F.lux. Blue light is thought to upset the circadian rhythm, which is why using a computer before bed can have negative effects on sleep. F.lux is a program that blocks that some of the blue light that emanates from my computer screen, which gives it an orange hue.  Obviously I can now see it's red, but do you really think snide remarks about people needing to have their eyesight checked is going to encourage people to post here? I'd love to think you were genuinely concerned for me, but I seriously doubt that.  You'll notice that over 200 people upvoted the picture, and no doubt a lot of them saw my mistake, but the vast majority didn't feel the need to publicly point it out.   Henleymeat!   Is it? I searched her name before I posted and didn't see it.   I want to fall asleep IN them   Afraid not, sorry :(   Same here, I think she's fucking gorgeous.   I think this is Jodie Marsh                                                                     This picture is in the top 10 of /r/legs, for obvious reasons :)            Haha this completely confused the shit out of me! I was sitting thinking 'eh?? I didn't post it here". I was thinking of it, but I didn't think it quite fit the criteria. Enjoy your ill-begotten karma!! :D   God, that area of a woman's body around the neck, collarbone and just above the breasts is so fucking hot on slim women.   Just wanted to return and say a huge thank you to /u/Rath1on for not letting me give up. I turned the difficulty down to Easy just to get through the dreadful prologue, and now I'm really having fun :) I do still find the combat a bit clunky and unresponsive, but on the other hand, it can be really exhilarating with the improved power of the signs etc.  Thanks!   I do exactly the same thing and for the exact same reasons. I love watching the NFL but I always find myself wondering how people watching it on TV put up with these constant adverts,  they drive me absolutely mad. It was the same when I watched Aussie rules football in Australia. Certain channels literally had an ad break every time the game was stopped for whatever reason. It was awful!    That thumbnail makes them look like conjoined twins.   Thanks for the ID :)                  Before the rest of my comment, I would like to make it clear that I absolutely agree that banning a child for 4 days for bringing in a small packet of mini cheddars is absolute lunacy.  However, having now worked in schools for a number of years, I would like to comment on some of the points raised here. A lot of comments focus on the fact that foods shouldn't be taught as good or bad, and that things like crisps etc. should be ok, as long as they form part of a good overall diet which is true. But while it's clear that everyone on this thread is well educated in what a child's diet should look like, the reality is that a lot of parents are either uneducated, or simply don't care, judging from some of the packed lunches I've seen pupils bring in, packed with crisps, fizzy drinks, sweets etc. If the parents are unwilling or unable to become educated about healthy eating, then it falls to us to instill that in pupils. The lack of education on subjects such as this among some parents is one of the main reasons we need to do PSHE (Personal, Social and Health Education) lessons in schools. Everything contained in these lessons, including those about a balanced diet, are things that pupils should be taught by their parents but, for whatever reason, they aren't.  People might also say that it's none of the school's business what a parent wants to feed their child, but I personally disagree with this. Of all the schools I've worked in, only one has not had a healthy eating policy, which meant pupils could bring in whatever they want, and the behaviour in that school was definitely the worst I've ever encountered. I realise that in itself can't be considered evidence, as there are other factors involved, but there are plenty of studies to indicate that healthy eating does improve children's behaviour on the whole. Trying to get 30 16-year-olds settled and focused when they're up to their eyeballs in sugar and caffeine wastes a ridiculous amount of time, that could, and should, be spent teaching.  Like I said, I agree that the situation contained in the link is overkill of the highest order, but to the people who are outraged that the school is trying to dictate what the pupils eat - it's done for the right reasons, but implementation of it is often troublesome.   Hmm, I just checked and that happened on my mobile, but not with my PC. No idea what's going on, sorry :(   Actually yeah, this is my favourite one now. I love how he's got Tim Lovejoy's mannerisms down to a tee with his 'I may be older but I'm still one of the lads waheeeeeeeey' routine.   Pictures here are nsfw by default.            Haha I loved the line about escape velocity.                           Yeah, quite apart from the dress showing off her great figure, she's absolutely gorgeous.               Her name is Blondey McLeggyleg  Disclaimer: I may have made that up in order to allow the picture to stay.               Christ on a fucking bike.  Thanks mate!   [Source](http://www.playvid.com/watch?v=jfdeYl5Try0)      What the fuck! Anyone know who this is??   Not that I'm aware of :(   I've sent a message to the mods to ask if this picture is suitable for this sub. Obviously it's tight around the upper body, but not the lower half. Would be interested in the general consensus.            One of my favourite models, her body is absolutely insane.               I'm afraid I don't know but I think this looks like an advert for glasses or something so she might be a pro model.    I can't decide what impresses me more, your candour or your vigour! :-)      While I'm not colour blind, I'm notoriously bad at getting colours right in pictures. This being yet another example!                     Yeah I think I'll drop the difficulty for this awful prologue certainly, then perhaps put the difficulty to normal and see how I fare once I start getting some skills.   Do you parry absolutely everything if not doing attacks?  The reason I say the quen slows things down is that I can be fighting, then realise I need to quen, so have to physically stop moving, then cast the quen, and then keep fighting. The stop start nature of it seems so clunky to me, unlike the games I loved the combat in like Arkham Asylum or God Of War         Well, I've tried the FCR and I'm afraid you're going to be losing more sleep! It's certainly an improvement, but not enough for me to try playing the whole game. I know what the main thing is now that I don't like about it, and it's the problems with the parry/riposte system. In the vanilla game, your animations are too slow, and you can't cancel them so you get killed so easily by other guys unless you constantly roll all over the place, and in the FCR, it doesn't seem to have any kind of parry system that you control, it seems totally random. And then, having to stop every now and then to cast Quen just slows everything down again. I'm afraid I just find it far too unwieldy to be enjoyable, but thank you for the help :)         Yeah I'd be starting afresh anyway :) Thanks   What are the re-post rules on this sub, if any?  I only ask because a number of picture subs I'm part of have a no re-post rule for the top 50 or 100 pictures, and this picture is number 7 in the top 100 here. Just wondering what the case is here.               I already tried FCR2, but couldn't really get to grips with it, but will go back and try it again.   This is why I asked whether or not the dodge spam is just in the prologue, or whether it carries on throughout the game. Part of the reason I'm struggling is definitely because I have so little in the way of traps, bombs etc. I just don't like the idea of, even with having lots of resources to hand, constantly having to roll all over the place. I'll reinstall FCR2 and give it another go :)   Definitely not misquoting. The number might be slightly off, but it was definitely about a picture of an erect penis versus a picture of a vagina.   Thank you, my liege!   I go forth with a fire in my heart, and will strive to yet further the cause of this beautiful subreddit. FOR TIGHTDRESSES!!!  Seriously though, thank you very much :)      I can't remember exactly where I read this, but I think it was Men's Health. They had a little fact page and one of the facts was that, according to a survey they did, about 65% of men, when given a choice, would rather look at a picture of an erect penis than a vagina. To be honest, I'm also a heterosexual male, and I'd choose a picture of an erect penis every time.                     Thanks a lot for the detailed response. Unfortunately, I don't think the game is going to be for me by the sounds of it, which is such a shame, I absolutely loved the first one!   But the 3rd one should be out in the not too distant future, so hopefully I'll be able to enjoy that one :)         I've just recently started playing the Witcher 2, and unfortunately I'm just not enjoying it at all due to the combat. I've read loads of things online about it, and the general consensus seems to be in order to be successful you use signs, attack, roll away, and repeat this over and over. Is that the case the whole way through the game?  Before people start having a go at me, I'm not saying the combat is bad, I'm just saying I personally don't find it enjoyable and won't do if dodge spam is a large part of what I need to do the entire game.  Would appreciate any replies.  Thanks!       Cold, and yet, so hot.      Christ, those legs!   Bang tidy! This is Rhian Sugden, by the by.    Yeah, sorry about that, couldn't find one without it :(   I cannot get enough of this woman.      [Not a bother](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Coolidge_after_signing_indian_treaty.jpg)   Her name is Miss Meena if you're interested.         thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou           	183
 Do you think part of your problem is you have a lot of anxiety? That can definitely lead to eating disorders, when it becomes less about image an more about control. Your husband may be trying to help you actually, in his own way. When someone threatens to hurt them self, a gut response for many people is to say something like "but what about your family? Or me? You'll hurt me!" It's almost like they want to guilt them into getting better. This definitely doesn't work for everyone, and can do a lot of harm, but that could be why your husband says those things. He may see you hurting, and  is feeling helpless and desperate.    Don't worry about how you "should" feel, life  doesn't always turn out the way we plan :] if you don't feel good, recognize that. Nothing is wrong with you, you are not alone. Plenty of people who are "supposed" to be happy are actually very sad.  The silver lining to that is you have a huge support group of people in similar positions, all ready to help you :]   I'm here to understand; I'm all ears. Why do you think you're so upset?    Also, don't downgrade any of this to shit. This matters. You are sick, and that's something to take seriously. for sure. Your sickness isn't a chore, or obnoxious to anyone :) if they say it is than they have problems themselves   Hi. Your ex sounds troubled, and it sounds like she still is troubling you. Maybe not her in particular, but more so her rejection. Your nightmares about being beaten up sound a lot like some of mine; I used to have breakdowns before school because I was afraid of disappointing my teachers. I dealt with this by totally shutting down emotionally; sounds like you've taken the same route.    You are human. You have been hurt. There was no damn reason for you to get hurt, but you got swiped up in what sounds like someone else's flood. You are strong. You will survive this. Don't push yourself to meet new women, that will come in time. You can't force that sort of thing.   I'm scared too, of rejection, and being too weak. Let's be scared together. You can get through this.    Ha! I had that same phone case until just recently :D   Naw. You're totally cute. Would date, provided you had the personality to match.   	4
 I'm more offended by the fact he forgot the definition of feminism.   [Hahahahaha](http://i.imgur.com/zXfZ4.gif)  Glaciers aren't melting fast enough? [Solution.](http://en.bloggif.com/output/8/9/89716868fc92e152cd113e2d5f64a39b.gif?1398296172)    yeah, no probs, just cover it with some lid.      323   wow hahaha [dat famoos guy who draw dat smiling chick](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=dat+famoos+guy+who+draw+dat+smiling+chick) via lmgtfy   .... I like the "graticule" lines...   I'm not sure how vintage this is but I love all the dresses from [this boutique](http://www.lilyboutique.com/dresses). reasonable prices too.  Happy hunting!   Ew, that projection.  	9
 A woman is someone who tells me that they are a woman. You don't 'need' a qualification to be a woman e.g. genitalia, clothes, make-up, long hair. It doesn't matter if your trans, genderfliud, cis or what. You don't need a certain trait to 'qualify' you as a woman. Gender is just an easy way for cis-people to show their sex and hence their secondary characteristics. Presenting as one sex or another, I think, is supposed to indicate what genitalia you have but it's a flawed system. Because now we know, the traits one associates with gender don't necessarily equate to sex.  In summary: it doesn't matter what society thinks because society is a mish-mash of the thoughts and ideas of people that lived a long time ago, who don't know the things we do now and have the same experiences. If you want to be called a woman, I will call you 'she' and treat you like anyone else. You are the only person who will live with you for your entire life and you know yourself best. Frankly, I think transpeople are some of the most amazing individuals around. GET 'EM GIRL!!!  	1
 Thank you.    Man, while I was looking the pics you post, I thought, what is absent on me and preventing that achievement from me. I think it is the determination.  Your change is really admirable, good job!  	2
 A portion of a tree.      I can't stand it when someone has no experience with any sort of self harm or anxiety and says "Well just quit it then." Yeah, okay, how about you quit breathing?   Oh, man, I struggled with this when I was younger. I had no eyebrows/eyelashes, and a large bald spot on top of my head. Even when I started treatment, it took about 2 or 3 years before I was finally able to stop completely. I still get urges sometimes, and it's been about 10 years. I'll still catch myself tugging on hair sometimes.  People who knew or noticed what I was doing would sometimes tell me things like, "Your eyelashes won't grow back if you keep pulling them out" (they did grow back, long and thick). Did anyone ever try to get you to stop by saying stuff like that?  Congrats on 5 months!!!   It just looks so uncomfortable.   My stomach dropped when I opened the picture.   I learned how to spell his name by remembering that it's McConey with an AUGH in the middle.   I'm sure you and your dad both know what's going on inside the mind of a girl all the time.   So basically, I drew this: http://i.imgur.com/NlJz5.png  And I actually liked it well enough that I really wanted to learn how to color digitally on it. And I got this far: http://i.imgur.com/tVrv4.png  I tried looking up tutorials, but I couldn't find any that I liked. I also wouldn't mind any critique in the drawing or coloring itself. Except about the fact that it's not unlined art, because I like the way lined art looks. I am trying to learn unlined as well, but it's more difficult for me. At least I'm getting practice in of both!  I'm using Paint Tool SAI if anyone has any tricks or tips for that program as well. Thank you!   Huh! It's been a while since I played, couldn't remember. I'll look some stuff up and figure it out. Thanks :)   i'm pretty sure i've not even gotten remotely close. how many floors are there?   Right after I posted this, I realized Dungeons of Dredmor might have an ending and I'm just too terrible to get there. Can anyone let me know if I need to reach the end/play 15 hours?      My dad yelled at me for trying to start a fire and I cried.   That reminds me of the time I decided to try and get my room as dark as possible with a lamp on by layering clothes over the lamp.   You should try talking to your friends about doing other stuff. You could say something like, "I know you guys like football, but I'm not as into it." And maybe then you can talk about finding other things to do that you do have in common. It's easy to focus on one thing when a majority of the group can easily discuss the same thing, but when someone's left out, that always sucks. But maybe if you bring up your interests, they would actually enjoy talking about it. Maybe it just hasn't occurred to them since they all already share football as a common topic.  Alternatively, you could try and make friends who do share your interests. I'm not saying abandon your current friends, but try and meet new people! It's not easy, I know it's been really rough for me, but it's worth it. Have you tried looking on meetup.com or something similar? Maybe some forums that pertain to your interests just to have people to talk to at least.  As for the last question: yeah, I do kind of randomly ask those questions. "Do you guys ever just stop and think we're made up of billions and trillions of tiny pieces of matter vibrating constantly?" Crazy stuff. I'd be willing to bet at least one person in your group of friends would enjoy talking about it!   I see a lot of negative comments on this, but I like it. Motivation isn't all about losing weight or whatever. Thanks for sharing.   IMO, it's not socially acceptable to walk up to a smoker and say that it's unhealthy to smoke. Maybe I'm in the minority, though, I don't smoke so I don't know how often people actually do that.   I have the final reward from that quest chain on a Horde character!   I think she'd just have a total meltdown and then I'd feel guilty.   My grandma will comment loudly about people who don't know how to read when she sees people using the wrong door at Wal-Mart. I don't think anything makes her as angry as seeing someone walk in the exit door. I could break every single teapot she owns and she would be less angry.   people who want to be prepared, duh   When my dad didn't answer my mom's call one time when we were out of town, I knew something was wrong. Really wrong.  We finally had the neighbor across the street go check on him (she was a nurse), turned out he'd had a seizure and had passed out. He was diagnosed with brain cancer shortly after, and after two years of a downhill battle, he died.   I appreciate new followers, but I don't do follow for follow. I want people to follow me because they want to, not because they feel obligated, and I want anyone to feel free to unfollow me for any reason. Also, I want my dash to be mostly things I'm interested in. So if someone follows me, I might check out their blog, but if they have too many posts I don't like/care about, then I won't bother following them.   Thank you. I didn't even think about this. I will just try to tough it out.  I am very limited with exercise options because I have a bad back from a bad car wreck. If jogging is bad, then I will just keep walking to stay active. I need more sunlight anyway. Thank you for the information.   This is really helpful. I have to stop thinking about the cravings I'm having in the moment and concentrate on getting rid of my flabby belly. I think if I could survive the first week, everything would be so much easier. That's what it was like when I cut sodas out.  One week. That's nothing, right?   I wrote a long thing then realized no one would read it so here's a summary:  I get cravings for sweets, and I break my diet after 2-4 days. I can't find a good, sweet thing that can sate these cravings that I don't have to make on my own.  Also, I tried jogging instead of my usual walking routine. I jogged for about 6 minutes (spaced apart so I wouldn't overdo it) and walked for another 20, and ended up sore for three days, to the point where I almost couldn't walk.  So I need some tips on how to sate cravings for things I can't have (foods I can replace them with, or tips on how to just power through it), and tips on how to not be in tremendous pain after jogging. I tried stretching after, I think I did it wrong...  I also struggle with depression, so even having the will power to get up and GO for a walk or jog and stay on a diet for any period of time longer than a day is a big deal for me. I'd just like to keep going so I can punch my depression in the face. Also I'm going to Europe in March and I'd like to be at least 20 pounds lighter before then.   It is :)  I used the water tool in Sai. Whenever I use more defined coloring, it always turns out really strange and off to me so I am probably doing something wrong. I will check out some tutorials. Thank you for your comment!      I have a hard time picking just one...  Annie in Wonderland  Arcade Sona  Amethyst Ashe (love her purple arrows)  Rugged Garen   I thought the Impala had a bench seat in the front, did I get it wrong?  It's cool anyway :)   Why is "tampon" censored?    My mom is not very motherly at all. She told me that I was too old to need a mother (I was 19), she's called the police on me because I wouldn't go to therapy (she wanted me escorted off the property and I wouldn't leave), she told me I was useless and a failure and all I was good for was disappointment, I can't joke with her because she just gets offended at everything, when I was about 10 or 11, I made a little castle out of some cardboard boxes, and when I tried to show it to her, she told me I was too old for that kind of thing.  I know there are worse mothers out there, but I don't feel like I lucked out with mine.   I think it's because they're the more visible ones. The louder and more obnoxious someone in, the more people see them. The decent feminists are just normal people, so they don't stand out as much.  	34
 Blowgun.   My penis   Buy in is just the precon at msrp. The prize is a sealed commander's arsenal...   I'll work on adding more color fix!  	4
 same   lol wut   Good! I hope it stays that way for both of you :)   i got them at Hot Topic back in 2009   no problem. maybe taking a break will be best for both of you. I am glad i could help :D   only if you get caught. im just messing with you. its something you should experience once in  your lifetime at least   there you go :) i like helping people come to this realization. i had the exact same problem   you should. i found that if you try and force them to change it only makes yourself come of as overbearing and selfish. You cant critisize  your friends boyfriend because even though you may be right, you're coming off as jealous and trying to get her away so you can have her. even though those are not your intentions   the freshman life is tough, love iseven more difficult   lot of things are illegal. doesnt mean they're bad  cigarettes are legal and those are fucking lethal.   marijuana is something that is gaining more respect in the mainstream lately. soon enough, by the time we actually get employed, we wont have to be drug tested.  it will be as common as a cigarette smoker   cool, my guy friend and are are both 15. So are you freshman?   try to not talk about things that are so heavy. dwelling on the bad is only going to make both of you worse. you may not like her boyfriend, but it is her choice and you dont have a right to make judgement. tone down on that and find ways to help her. you arent selfish you just want whats best for her. but you have to let her make her own choices   dont worry about it, it can be a positive influence on you. you have to just try it.    how old are you and your friend? just curious to see if this gets better or worse with age   don't get yourself down, you bring joy into her life. thats all you could ask for   thats gotta be a little awks. i was friends with my guy friend's past girlfriend, i was respectful to them because you shouldnt put people in a situation like that. im glad that she has the message   lol piss on her. she'll get the message   i feel you, do you know that she likes you?   i feel ya, i have clinical depression and severe anxiety,  my emotions were getting the best of me to the point where i had to be hospitalize over what i like to call a broke heart   how so?   i wish i had the courage.   thats a great point. i think our friendship is more important than  the risk of losing him to awkwardness   wow that was really interesting! seeing that helped me realize what type of relationship i have with my friend. we dont talk about feelings. we just hang out   im glad you guys were able to talk through it, its really mature to acknowledge feelings and try to figure them out and move past them   my situation seems like that, only the opposite. I feel that way. we've been friends for about 5 years now and i only recently discovered my feelings for him (the beginning of high school helped me figure it out) but i dont have the knowledge of whether he ever did like me and i didnt see it or if his feelings are purely platonic   I'm worried that our friendship will end/ not be the same. i care about him too much to not have him in my life over something silly like unrequited love   it seems to be a reoccurring thing, having a best friend of the opposite gender and falling for them, why do you think that is?   i seem to have the opposite problem, i am a girl who has a guy best friend, i fell in love with him and i just can't read him well enough to figure out if he does or has ever felt the same.   i'd love to. dont have a skype though, we could email? IM maybe? im old fashion but i'd love to help   do any of you have girl best friends? how to you think of them? I have a best guy friend who i can never seem to understand sometimes. What to boys usually feel about a girl like that?  EDIT: thanks for all the comments! i love talking to all of you! upvote for visibility? i fell like this could help give answers to a lot of people, not karma whoring i promise   well...   https://mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com/attachment/u/0/?ui=2ik=4d9a44be73view=attth=13ee3efddb85fabaattid=0.1disp=inlinerealattid=166124773f121f4f_0.1safe=1zwsaduie=AG9B_P9-9z6MwW3bT61ZRlyDsEXbsadet=1369623797726sads=rBnQy83WtIOmngcbDLX6CIj-6VYsadssc=1   find a friend who does, hang out and smoke with them. let them teach you the ropes. dont worry about feeling lame when you smoke. if you aint choking you aint smoking :)   panic at the disco passion pit icona pop the shins fall out boy :D   Time to  relllaaxx   it feels fucking good man   drugs   i really enjoy makeup, i dont put much effort into it, simple mascara and powder. I like using makeup to enhance your features, not hiding your flaws. you feel me?   for the record, i am going with 2 other people (15-18) and don't have tons of extra cash to spend. Thanks for any help!   no problem! i hope you're able to sell them!   one of my favorites!   damn, it looks like i cant afford the tickets. I am going to Lollapalooza this year also and have put most of my money into that   how much are you selling for?    an excellent point    Skins is also a good show. Episodes are very short so you arent bored and i find them enteratining   Sherlock is amazing   Supernatural!    I cant choose, most of Pretty Odd is so poetic and wonderful. Ryan was a beautiful writer; not saying Brendon isnt but ryan just had a way with words   Good idea! I'll look for them    Thanks for letting me know, I'm a casual smoker usually only at parties   	49
 I would watch the shit out of that show   It depends on the context really. The last time I was at a conference and talking about social identities, I used the word "lesbian" because it's a widely understood term, no confusion. Among friends or acquaintances I say "gay". When with other LGBT friends I might jokingly say dyke or vagina enthusiast. I entirely avoid homo or homosexual, it's sounds cold and technical. Plus conservatives make it sound like some terrible pathology.   Source?   What are the effects of having a really large heart?   Which gene is Christianity located on?   I'm black and it is NOT my job to be responsible for black people I've never even met. Every person is responsible for their own actions. I've never called statistics racist (they are what they are) but I'm an individual and deserve to be treated as such. And fyi, there is no such thing as "the black community". We all have different beliefs and lifestyles. It varies by state, age, socioeconomic status and education.    Penthouse suite   Thank you:)   I'm bad at selfies but here's my [contribution](http://imgur.com/8Y4XPpW)!   She made a woman out of you eh?   Nope, lifestyle choice   Whoosh!   Channel your inner Michonne   Thanks for this, a fair amount of people don't realize sexual orientation isn't the same as cis or trans.    If this were a podcast, I'd listen. Good job!   I know this is a joke, but I don't honestly think that song is entirely positive.   As a fairly young person, how do I avoid becoming an ignorant old person?   I asked my mother if God was behind human reproduction (we were discussing pregnancy).   nbsp;  *Why yes of course, how could you explain that miracle otherwise?*   nbsp;   Ask if God is the reason for AIDS and syphillis:   nbsp;  *No, that's human's fault because they're being nasty!*   If penises were shiny I'd probably touch more of them.   Nigerian perhaps?   Semi-related story: I was enraged when I read a newspaper article where a burglar filed a lawsuit against a guy he was robbing because he got hurt on his property. He got hurt trying to steal the lawn mower. That shit's ridiculous!   What does s.o.r. room stand for?   Bout 4 clicks up the road  Can you convert "4 clicks" into American measurements?   Tasty or Alex   That describes the majority of pet owners.  I'm wasn't referring to domesticated animals that have been bred to live alongside humans. I'm a pet owner myself. We're talking about an ape not a house cat.   So should we look, then look away?   Is there any mention of whether she had a mental disability or not? I just can't fathom the average person imagining they have a special relationship and going to a zoo 4x a week.   Maybe the zoo underestimated the amount of stupid one person could possess. Who would have thought someone would do that?   Breaking Bad reference, in case you missed that.    True periods last a week, children are forever (practically)    Not to me. I'm black and I approve. I'm also stealing that for future use.    Sure I'll get a boiling flask and methylamine. You go find an RV.   Aw yeah sleep!  *waits*   Take BC pills and skip the placebo week. Voila, no more periods.   I know that feeling too. If it happens alot, a new friend group might be a good change.   Getting old means you were young at one point. Be glad, some people don't make it that far. Hope you made the most of it.   Then being sad when her period finally comes on and you can't have sex for a week.   This brings the image of train wheels chugging to mind.   Dammit, my name is Stan Grandpa!   Goin' up!....On a Tuesday   Say what you will about Iowa but I'm glad I'm not from Chiraq. I like our cost of living and decent educational facilities.    Oh sorry! And I've been the victim of blood donation and drinking, worse hangover of my life.   Soo, I'm all out of plants, hook me up?   I worked there and we don't test for iron so that's interesting.   They take the plasma and put the red blood cells back in your body.   Aside from the initial needle poke into the fold of your arm there shouldn't be any pain.  Source: Former donor and former employee   I watched this documentary awhile back about the beliefs of African tribes in regards to female sexuality. The leader believed that if the clitoris wasn't removed at an early age it would grow out through the back of her head.  Can't make that shit up. Ignorance fuels these type of traditions. There's also the fact that if you don't get the procedure done you'll be considered unclean and unable to marry.   I'll save you! I'll finish med school in a couple years and take care of you:)   For porn   Wonder if he can touch his brain when he picks his nose?   Lesbians, by definition, are attracted to women, not genitals.  Going along with your line of thinking, what is a woman?    And tvs for that matter?   Aw skeet skeet skeet skeet*   What if you're really good at sex but no one wants to have sex with you?    Dem gainz   Make me a bong once you're done, please and thanks.   Slimy, yet satisfying   Caaaarrrrrlllllll   Read the thread, its Betadine cream.   You should definitely go to a doctor. The human mouth is swimming with things you don't want it your blood stream.   'Murica   I'm glad you've had a positive experience with female doctors! It's been the exact opposite for me. I had one provider say, oh this exam shouldn't be painful at all. The vagina's made to stretch I know what it feels like myself. After that I've gone to male doctor's because they seem a little kinder.   Not to be nosy but how do you afford this? I would love to go back and get a degree in computer science, my first was in biology, but I have no idea where I'd get the money from.   Gay women can get pregnant.... My married lesbian friends just had their first child.   All or some? What about them makes you go ew?   Wet or moist? There's a difference.   Sponge on a stick   What does it do?   The other 1% are writers for Buzzfeed.   Weapons of ass destruction: chemical warfare   I always thought periwinkle was a color. Like you can taste the light spectrum?   Pickled okra is pretty tasty as well.   I'm afraid I cant' come into work today.  Well why not Cindy?  I'm alcoholic. It'll interfere with performance.   I had a friend freshman year of college who would order her sandwich with a specific number of veggies. Such as: Gimme four slices of provolone, 3.5 cucumbers, 8 tomatoes and 2 oz of mustard. Sprinkle the lettuce. I know the employees were mentally cursing her out.   Did you say anything to him as he walked away?   0/10 with rice, or with anything really   Can someone explain the doge phenomenon? I see it a lot but have no idea what it's supposed to mean.   I use it for Craigslist dealings only   For some of my friends, the kid was the reason behind the engagement photos.   This was me with marijuana last year. As soon as I got home from work I'd get high and sit in my one bedroom apartment so I could keep myself together. It helped with my suicidal thoughts and anxiety. But like you it became a crutch, everyday sort of thing. I finally gave it away at a party and haven't bought any more since. I still have that psychological craving though.   I told student disability services on campus about my anxiety and depression, they worked with my professors to get extended time on my exams and an exam room away from everyone else. It really helped. Wish I had done it before my junior year.   Hello from another babyfaced individual!   Release the Krakito!   Novelty kitchenware is more cute than useful most times I think. I have an oven puller thing shaped like the devil. Gets the job done for the most part but oven mitts work much better.   No one knows you're a dog with a kitchen on the internet   It's obviously a Kindle with that type of print.    And fill him up with sour cream.   What, what?   "Sour cream"   I shudder at the though of anal after tacos.   Dem khakis though   Maybe they're genderfluid?    Your flair, I love it.   I wanna apply it to my teeth, for science.   What was the damage like?   Your masturbating is off the Richter scale   Can't lie, I've eaten a whole box when stoned.   Anything part time job for under 20 hours a week. I'm not really picky but I have the most experience in customer service and working in labs.    I'm a part-time graduate student looking for a job to hold me over for the rest of the semester. Can anyone recommend me a good website or resource to help me find a job besides Indeed.com and the student job board?  Thanks!   Are an important public figure or representative?    It's not that simple. I'm black but I don't have sex with men, so I'm lower risk than most. Plus my blood type is sought after because I can help people with sickle cell anemia. You can't just say black=HIV. It's a skin color not a behavior, like being gay.    Source please? In all my studies of neuroscience and sociology I've never heard this before.    Me too! Left handed lesbians unite!    I can't remember where I read this but I saw some article awhile ago hypothesizing a possible link between handedness and sexual orientation. It said gay people were more likely to be left handed on average. But like I said I'll have to dig up the source. Interesting stuff.   	104
 The play argument may not work for me. And I completely agree with the anger part. My dad's anger is etched in my mind as negative memories that I don't want to relive. Many people have suggested that I get out of this "unhealthy" relationship. But I guess I'm an optimist, hoping that things will change someday. Plus, I love him and most if his other aspects. Ergo, I'm scared of not finding someone else. :/   Maybe these techniques work differently for different people/personalities. I haven't ever felt that conflict is healthy. Competition is. I understand what you are saying, but I don't think it will work for me.    In my present relationship, I cannot bring up even unresolved conflicts from the recent past for a calm, rational discussion. Seems like all conflicts remain unresolved and swept under the rug. I, being acutely aware of their vile history, am even more cagey. So it really is building up and I don't know when I'll explode/break down.   I have a similar story. Different in the fact that I am able to enjoy some things and share experiences with others. Plus having a few hobbies - guitar/music, following sport, consuming sci-fi - helps. Have you any hobby?   If not at present, have you ever had this feeling?   Can you explain?   Have you tried seeking help? It may appear to you that it is not worth trying. But I found it helpful and it's helped me stick around.   That's similar to what I feel. Plus,  scientifically, there isn't any cure. :-/   I don't think that getting into more conflicts will work for me. And I don't think my boyfriend will let me win anything.   Not sure I understand the second sentence. I think you meant than when you resorted to passive aggressive ways, there bad repercussions. I rarely ever shout, swear at, bad mouth, throw things, or let steam out because I think I'm the "good" or the "better" guy. I think no conflict works. Instead, educated conversations detailing problems and working on solutions works for me with other people. But my partner doesn't work this way. I'm stuck and I'd also like others' views.   I've been diagnosed with PTSD and MDD. in on pharmacotherapy and therapy. One of my main triggers is conflict or the fear of conflict. Unfortunately, I'm exposed to it a lot because my partner believes in fights and arguments. He thinks that these are signs of a healthy relationship. I am finding it difficult to manage the relationship, especially because I have tendencies for being  codependent and he's the dominant (older) one in the relationship. Can anyone suggest a strategy?   Thanks for the suggestion. I'm going to try it.  	12
 Whale, whale, whale.   To be fair, maybe it wasn't the doctor himself but his incompetent staff. Nonetheless, absolutely report it for real-life karma.   My cousin did too! Beat women that is.   Probably feels amazing. Female.  	4
 At least I know I'll most likely find at least *one* wallpaper I like in here...      That's so awesome! that's such a huge milestone to reach. Keep going OP :)   When I was 16, I only waited about 2-3 weeks. I recently started therapy again but in a new place and I had to wait 4 months.    Good game, good result. Always awesome to win an old firm match.   "you're not a bad person for the ways you try to kill your sadness"    It's *never* too far. Not quite yet anyway   That's the dream right there. If only I had what it takes to be a pedestrian. *sigh*    You're really pretty; no need to lose any weight. Work on your self confidence and you'll be good to go :)   You aren't ugly at all. Don't worry :)   Thank you! I found out the remix too :) much appreciated buddy   I think it's a remix of some sort, I've tried searching the lyric but I've found nothing thus far.   https://vine.co/v/Oj9mB6eu0lT   Yes! Even just the thought of it ._.    It's worthwhile telling your doctor, I'm prescribed 150mg and I've never been sick because of it. Feeling nauseous is normal at the beginning though.   	14
 The Lord demonstrating the actual size of his phallus through comparison with a mingun.   And that's only his physical phallus,mind you! His Spiritual Phallus pierces eternity.   Space Engineers! That is if they're on sale. Still only ~$15 (depending on which country you're from)  Shameless plug for /r/spaceengineers   Same here, I replaced my noble little 560Ti with a 280x. I feel almost as if I betrayed him. :(  Didn't have the special 560,though, only a normal one. Still a good card!   Nice looking ship!   Consider your jerkle circed.   [Maybe.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPtUlXK56Es feature=c4-overview list=UU0BvmQ-UWDnDc9seBcSanRA)   Same. I was a weird and overly-enthusiastic kid when I was younger. Now I'm just empty and boring.   Oh,ok. Well,TIL.  I don't have itty bitty titties because I'm a dude, but I do like 'em! Guess I'm part of the fanclub!   I thought we were the itty bitty titty committee? Are we just a fanclub,now?   Better stand down or I'll get jalapeno glasses.^^^sorry   I'm commenting on this post because I love free stuff!   Praise be to GabeN on High! Your shrine puts a smile on our Lord's sweet lips! If only my cables were so tidy, then I,too, could perchance receive His favour.   And also being able to group together weapons on either side of a ship, allowing for broadside shots, as opposed to every gun firing in tandem from all sides.   He exists beyond such concepts as 'life' and 'death'. He transcends such petty mortal constructs.   Seems to be the way to go, I just don't know where I'd get any besides bumming off of my mum. It's illegal here in Aus, and my mum's paranoid about revealing her dealer; I wouldn't know where to find one down where I am.   Damn.  Well, I guess we just got coaxed into a snafu.   I'll send a bouquet of flowers to your loved ones. Do you want lilies?   Hey,guys. I don't think a post like this goes against the rules. If so, I'll delete it.  I heard somewhere on Reddit/Facebook that smoking cannabis can aid in alleviating some symptoms of depression and so was wondering, as I'm fairly depressed,whether I should consider it as an option to help me gain back some semblance of normality.   My mum is a daily user and has often noted that smoking gives her heightened creative motivation which resounds quite a lot with me as one of the biggest things I've come to miss is my want to write, which has pretty much been killed off due to my general apathy towards everything.  However I've also heard that marijuana can exacerbate depressive symptoms, so I'm a bit conflicted as to whether I should take up smoking or not.  What's your opinion on cannabis' effectiveness in dealing with depression?   Nah,man. My life's already exhausted the limited amount it had to offer me. After I experience those last few games,I'll have no reason to stay.   Nineteen* I'm just pretty much waiting for a few games to be released/developed further before I go through with it.  Edit: Number 19 wasn't working.   I'm with you,man. I've even given myself a time limit.   That was quite beautifully put, I feel as though I'm responding to Shelley's Monster, it reminds me of her style of writing and makes me realise how inadequate and ineloquent I actually am as a writer.  I am actually afraid to respond because I don't think I'd be able to do so with such sophistication, but you're right--I probably should have more empathy towards other people's loneliness, I do tend to forget that I'm not the only one who's hurting.  Thanks for that response,by the way. I always love seeing excellent word-smithing in action!     It's like people don't want to change to NOT be forever alone.  Some of us don't have a choice.   When people condescend me with posts about how they too are FA because they wear silly shirts and "Oh, guys, look how FA I am, I only received two text messages today!", I respond with bitterness.   Maybe not in all cases but in some. I'm gonna post a personal anecdote in response to this.  To preface, I'm a pretty fucking ugly guy. I was going up to attend a friend's party on the train, and because I'm relatively small and nervous around other people, I chose a seat away from most people. A group of girls and one other guy hopped on and sat maybe four or five seats ahead of me.   I didn't look at these people, I minded my own business. It was about half-way through the trip when I heard them discussing me, about how I was 'creepy' ( mind you, I hadn't looked at them at all)and about how they'd probably kill themselves if they woke up to a face like mine. They later stuck a note on the back of my bag as I left saying 'Fuck me, I'm desperate.'  I guess the point of this post is, some women (and men) do label unattractive guys 'creepy', even if they have had not prior social contact with them. I should also note that I was dressed appropriately (no scorpion jacket or fedora, *lol people who wear fedoras are so retarded, amirite?*), and had just had a haircut that most would deem 'socially acceptable'. There was no reason beyond my face that these people would find me creepy.   Edit: Shit at grammar. I'll never make it as a writer.   Look around here, do you see many photos of people? Who do you think frequents this sub usually?   Of course a photo of a somewhat attractive woman is going to be treated differently than any other post; this entire sub is pretty much centred around the rejection and isolation of young, socially awkward men by women or other men.   A woman posting something here is a rarity, and a picture even more so. Hell, do you see men posting pictures of themselves often here? A picture of an attractive woman here is going to blow up ten-fold, even if it is about the most asinine subject, which, at least speaking for myself, makes me feel as if it is disingenuous in nature and plays to the fact that this sub comprises mainly of lonely men. (whether I'm right or wrong).   Whether OP knew of this or not, the negative response was not to the fact that she had no right to be FA because she was female, but to this feeling of her being a female exploiting the generally male user base to garner attention.  This is a sub, much like your own (SRS), that is a melting pot of negative emotions, and sometimes those emotions lash out against seemingly innocent people.   OP,you probably weren't using your sex to gain attention, however the responses you received weren't because you 'aren't allowed' to be FA, as some of the SRS posters are implying, but because you posted a seemingly normal photo of yourself attached to an arbitrary subject  to a sub that rarely has anything like that occur and consists mainly of lonely males.  And to the SRS poster above me, I see no need for abuse. We get it, you hate men, but this sub already pretty much hates itself, so applying the same blanket hate on the men here as you do the rest of Reddit is a pretty lowly move.   The last thing most of these guys need (myself included) is to be reminded of how much women hate us.    Not as bad as the Central Coast,cunt.   come 2 umina bra ill beet tha shit outta u   I'm sorry that happened to you.  I agree looks don't hold anything towards someone's experiences/story/whatever, but they do build assumptions. You can't deny that being a female on this sub is a rarity and so any posts by one will invariably be treated either hostilely or in a desperately friendly sort of way based on the assumption (whether wrong or not) that women are the centre of our woes. Thus, even though you may not have been looking for attention, it will automatically be assumed that you are based on your gender by at least someone.  It's shitty but, again, lots of negativity around here.   I wouldn't say we're stuck up, we're just bitter.   This is the only place (at least, the only I know of) that people like us can come and whinge about our sad existences, so when someone comes around that seems like they have a normal life or should have a normal life, most of the time they're met with hostility, more so if they're female.   I second that.  I get that it's nice to have others layer you with compliments, but coming into a sub that consists mainly of young, lonely, possibly unattractive males as a moderately attractive female, in an effort to reap the attention it will undoubtedly bring, is a bit much.   *heh*   Dude,can't you see they're 'le tr0llin' us? They're so witty,haha.   Cheers.   Ok,sweet. Thanks.   Shit,I'm way out of my knowledge here. You find that by using ipconfig in CMD,right? And what's an octet?   Repent, ye sinners, and look upon the name of thy Lord! REPENT! IS NOT HIS NAME PLASTERED UPON YOUR VERY SOUL? ARE THEE NOT TRUE GABESMEN?   That's the Ipv4 address,right? ( Sorry,never had to look for my I.P before)   Hey,man. I entered a key last night and was successful but I wasn't quick enough typing in my details, so I lost it. When I tried another key later on, I got a 404 on the page and was forbidden. Was my I.P blocked because I was too fast entering the code or something? I'm not a bot. (At least, I don't think I am.)   I'm beginning to think I may have spent a little too much on my build unnecessarily. I wish I had seen this post before I made a purchase.    God bloody dammit. I got the code in, but it was redeemed by the time I entered my details. Now I'm blocked form the server. :/ I hate this game.   How?! How are they so fucking fast? Do they have robot fingers?   I'm not quick enough for this shit. I hate my slow-typing fingers. ;-;   These albatross necklaces are pretty fashionable,though.   I thought it was full of angry liberal SJW neckbeards? I guess what the 'majority' of Reddit consists of changes according to which sub decides to get angry. The sub deciding this time around is SRS. I wish we could just all decide on one kind of majority (which we obviously would never belong to) to hate. How about just people who have actual neckbeards?    He is the Master of Ruse.   Exactomundo.  People always waffle on about that whole 'be confident,have hobbies, go to the gym, then you too can be like us normal looking people',but that's just not the case. It sounds shitty, but physically unattractive people are pretty much fucked when it comes to achieving the same sort of satisfaction in relationships as normal/attractive people. No amount of confidence is going to make someone who dates you feel proud of who they are dating if you're ugly. You'll always be seen as inferior, and besides, even if you do end up finding someone, you're probably not going to be attracted to them, anyway.   Everyone's shallow.   It's almost as if someone told Will.i.am one day that he was going to be famous overnight and then made him famous the next day. He acts like he's never really gotten used to the idea.   Maybe so. I would imagine there'd be a whole range of factors that contributed to how they are now, but I wouldn't rule out their interactions with women as one of them.   Sweet Jesus, I've never been to that subreddit before. It's like an enormous pit of confirmation bias and circlejerkery. The fact that that sub is still there, despite their apparent past doxxing, and that /r/pcmasterrace isn't confounds me.   What if we're the small ones?   What has it gotten me? absolutely nothing.  That there's the problem,mate. You're expecting something. Unfortunately,happiness isn't a guarantee and just because you 'do good things', doesn't mean you deserve women's affection. It sucks, I know. All of us wish we could receive an award for doing good shit, but it doesn't work that way.  	50
 I smoke both and it seems to help me. Not in a life-changing way but it gets things going and somehow relieves anxiety !   Yeah I'm doing the same thing,I want to end it everyday but then I think of my family and it's not fair to me to make them suffer just to be relieved.  I keep myself busy and alone, I try to avoid others not to see what my life is missing through them. It's not the healthiest but it's better than nothing,I guess.   Somehow the fact that he doesn't have hope for this specifically is good,because there's barely anything worst in that kinda situation than hoping for the loved one to come back through some kind of miracle or something. If you know about some dream or goal in life he used to have before this happened,maybe it would help him to bring it up. He won't want to do it now and will probs think it's full of shit,but one of my online friends did that a couple of times and after the whole " you gotta be shitting me I can't do that there's no way I could and I don't want to anyways" thing it did spark the thought that there might be something left in this world.  Thank you for the internet hugs,I appreciate it !   This so much. I used to have lies-free friends but how can I feel fucking close to someone who's gonna come up to me and tell me how wonderful their life/weekend/holiday was in details then ask me 'bout mine knowing it will be jokes on my tired ass self if I come up with the truth or if they suspect it. That or they get angry in a " shut the fuck up about being lonely you don't even want to go to clubs or hang out you're just asking for it" way. As if it was this fucking easy,smh.  I don't get it either man,I'm done with this bullshit.   	4
    I agree with ckb2. Please get help.   Oooh... I think there's money burning a hole in my wallet... because now I want to buy more lol -stalks at Ulta to find the HD blush-   Wow, love the look!!   What is the best, safe way to remove nails at home?  I just would like to see my natural nails again.  I haven't seen them for a couple of months and they're really growing long so, I just would like to admire them and finally is able to paint nail polish on my nails rather than using fake nails...   But I am willing to travel. I like traveling as well.   Yes, thank you   Yes, I'm in Rochester, NY.   I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask.  I was wondering if there are beauty/makeup conventions I can go to??   I really wish I did a better research before starting my own channel but then a come a few videos later, I realized I needed to do better.  So here I am, trying to fix and improve my channel.  Great advices, I will keep this in mind.  I'm also brand new to YouTube as well so whoohoo, good luck to us!!  	10
 Thank you for your answer.  I don't think he'd ramp up threats if I leave. From all I know I'd expect him to thank me for letting him finally die. It is what he desired for years... I don't know how long planning and getting the "courage" (I feel it is the right and wrong word for this) to do it would take him. Maybe a week, maybe even a few months.   I thought about getting a therapist for some twisted sort of "supervision"... Who I could ask what to do about certain things... though I don't think I could still influence him if we separated. And everything I said would only be from my subjective view... not easy for a therapist to help someone by proxy I guess...  But if I understood you right you meant to totally cut ties with him?  I feel like this goes against my nature (eventhough I thought of it and wanted to do it quite a few times). It would be the equivalent of stopping CPR on a patient who still has a chance of survival.... Of course CPR is exhausting over time, but     who am I to prioritize my own wellbeing over the life of someone?  Most people in this thread are suggesting that I should just walk away and let him die... I don't know if I can do that... I am only 20 and about to kill someone by denial of assistance. While spending all my time on learning how to save people...   I just want to do the right thing. What is right for him, his friends and his family. I, myself am not the patient, I won't kill myself no matter what he does or if he dies, I'll spend my life helping people no matter if I am happy or sad... Because "I" doesn't exist, it does not matter.   	1
 I did use my origin account. My profile lists my origin ID as well, but on my registered game page is no entry for DAO.    Yes, it is there, but as I mentioned in the original post, it doesn't work. The field demands a "cd key" and when I enter the product code, I receive a message that the code is wrong.    I did log in with my Origin account, yes. Yet still there is no "Dragon Age: Origins" entry or something in my registered game page   Hey folks, newbie here :)  So I downloaded Dragon Age Origins when it was for free on Origin some days ago. I liked it very much and want to download Awakening and the DLC's too (this time with paying them ofc). Well, as far as I understood it, I would need to register my game on this bioware social thingy so I can then select DLC's in the "downloadable content" section.  So now there's the problem - I can' register it. When I downloaded it, I didn't get a cd key which seems to be necessary for registering. All I have (in the E-Mail from Origin and the client itself) is a "product code" which doesn't work when I enter it into the "cd key" field.  So, what to do? Do I really need to register in order to get the DLC's? If so, where do I get one? If not, how do I do that?  Sorry if this is a dumb question, I am very new to this all. Hope you can help me :)   Hey folks!  So, since I now finally finished moving (yay!), I'm looking to play in a ranked 5v5 team and I thought that I could ask here.   I am currently Gold V and a midlane main, my favorite (and best) champs are Katarina, Syndra, Ahri and Zyra. I am also a decent adc and support (and my Garen toplane kicks ass), but in a ranked team, I'd rather stick to the midlane.    The thing I should mention here is that I'm looking for a team for me and my boyfriend, since we enjoy playing together a lot. I can promise he is a nice guy, and he will not hit on any of you (he wouldn't dare!). He's a jungle / support main and also Gold V (and he's playing a godlike eve)   So, we're basically looking for a toplaner, an adc and either a jungler or a support (but from what I've seen in the introduction threads, we're more likely to find a support I guess)  We're both from Germany and available mostly in the evenings. We can speak both English and German and have Teamspeak etc.    Also - I already am part of a 5v5 team that was founded here, but it seems like it's not active that much - and I think I'm more likely to reach people if I post here than if I try to contact all team members if they'd be okay with me inviting my bf. No offense to my team members with searching here - if you are okay with my bf joining, you can also just contact me.   If you're interested, you can just comment here. Or write a PM to me. Or add me ingame (Nick: Deathpact Angel). I don't mind!   Hoping for many responses!      You should have considered your wish for a marriage before you went cheating on him. We all make mistakes, that's normal, yes, but also we all have to live with the consequences of our mistakes, and I do think he's behaving reasonable.  If you want to marry so bad, break up.    people so obviously disliking each other that you immediatly KNOW theyll end up together  pretty much the reason there are almost no romantic comedys i like. it is always this principle :/    "I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."  guess who said that enlightened stuff  thats right it was Mewtwo   What websites I already have an account for.  It's so common that I think "oh hey a cool new website" "That e-mail adress is already assigned to an account."  "I have no memory of this place"   Equilibrium had a female bassist, but I think she has left. Also Eluveitie has, but they sing occasionally (not lead tho)     So, some time ago I had a discussion with my boyfriend when I told him that I now follow a subreddit for girls who play LoL. The point of the discussion was basically, why girls do feel the need to make their own subreddit (as /r/leagueoflegends already exists), and which consequences has this?  And since I find the question interesting - and I currently have nothing better to do - I ask you the same.  Why do we need this subreddit? Which problems did you encounter when playing LoL as a girl, that maybe make you wish for some women-only-space? Tell your stories right here.   The other part is - what consequences has this? Do you consider it discriminating towards male players if they are excluded from e.g. this subreddit, when maybe they themselves aren't the ones harassing women?  Also, is separating from the "big group" the right way? Do you think it might on the long run even increase hostility against female players if they isolate themselves? Or is it a proper way to deal with potential harassment? What could be done to improve the situation?  Any input is welcome.   PS: No english native speaker. Mistakes might be included.     	11
 It's called Pico de Gallo in my house in Austin. I also make *chile* which is just green chiles, lime juice, onions, cilantro, and jalepenos or serranos, but no tomatoes, and maybe a little salt. Perfect topping for soups and goes great on eggs.  Good base for Pico de Gallo looks similar:  2 4oz. cans Hatch green chiles - hot or mild 1 large sweet onion, diced   1/2 head cilantro, de-stemmed and chopped   2 fresh squeezed limes  (juice)   2 medium sized, ripe tomatoes, diced   2 serrano (hot) or jalepeno (milder) peppers, de-seeded and diced   2 cloves garlic, minced   1/2 tsp. salt, to taste   1/4 cup red chili powder    This makes about a quart.  Wash all your veggies, chop them up, and have some good tortilla chips handy. This stuff doesn't last long.  Try toasting the peppers before dicing them, or adding different types of peppers (chile arbol, sweet peppers, habanero, etc).  **Note:**  Be careful when dicing these peppers, particularly habanero. You want to try to keep the nooks of your fingernails or any tiny cuts you may have from being exposed to the core of the pepper. De-seeding peppers without getting that stuff on your fingers is kind of an art form. Whatever you do, wash your hands several times afterward and do not touch your eyes or your SO's junk for a couple days.  Use of tomato is optional. I typically don't use tomato unless I'm making large batches, going for potency with the small batches.  Stuff is outstanding when mixed with hamburger meat for big burgers. They sell a variety at the grocery store here and call them Cowboy Burgers. Phenomenal on the grill with some Jalepeno Jack cheese melted across the patties over the fire.  Source: been eating/cooking TexMex for 35 years.  ---  Since I'm in the mood, might as well share a snack recipe.  1 leftover steak(s), sliced up   1 package quality flour tortillas   1 grated cheese of choice   1 pico de gallo from above    Begin by heating large skillet to med-high heat.  Slice up the leftovers and fry it up in some butter at low heat in another pan. Turn off heat.  Lightly toast one side of a tortilla in large skillet, adjusting temp to not burn tortillas instantly.  Flip the tortilla and pile on some chunks of steak, some grated cheese, and some pico.  Fold it over and place a flat iron or a pot on top of it at it sizzles in the skillet.  Flip it after a couple of minutes, flatiron, serve with sour cream and guacamole.  Unless you have a lot of leftovers, 4 or 5 of these usually only serve 1 - the cook. They're pretty addictive.    Maybe... some people have more than one device hooked up.   small strip of molding would be less of a mess i guess   why not put it in the wall?   Satire. That's what this is going to turn into.   Or someone's open Pabst.   Bittersweet, though they don't mention how much beer was sacrificed. Probably best that way.   Just another way to funnel money around. Great job at contributing to the decline of the local music scene, CoA.   Can someone put into perspective how much money this is in terms of research? What can realistically be expected out of these labs once the money is spent? Seems like they would be able to do cancer research on the moon for this much money.   Unfortunately, this is not about the unborn child. This is about the rights of a victim of a crime who was otherwise being forced to bear the child of the perpetrator.   that's half of your claim. where are the demographics for r/Austin?  don't get me wrong, i'd bet money that you are right, i'd just like to see where this goes.   do you have a source for these statistics?   Good work takes me away for a moment. It makes me forget my day to day disposition. Really good poetry makes that fire on a cylinders and inspires me to write my own, and the best just leaves me with a feeling of contentment, of satisfaction for a good while like a drug.  So the question for me is, what causes the escape from reality that I seek when reading poetry? I like poetry that unwittingly gives away something about the writer because I'm sick like that. I like some poetry other's would consider mindless or drole when it tells me the poet is new to the art, or someone who never writes but has had something powerful happen to them, even if they have little grasp on linguistics.  Although I have been accused of writing narrative work (e.g. stories about pirates or something) from time to time, I find that "style" to be less appealing than the conveying of raw emotion in a context to which I can relate, such as pain from losing a loved one, or the dynamics of actions and consequences and regret. To me those are the most powerful because they offer easier access to insight into my own feelings.  This is not to say I wouldn't know a great piece of work if I saw it, but everyone has their preferences when it comes to taste in the opposite sex.    This acupuncturist had an entire wall full of herbs and concoctions. Like you say, she would probably claim to be able to cure anything.  Placebo or not, it set me in the right direction, if only for a while. That's what I needed at the time and that's what I got. Would do again 5/5, know what I mean?   When you are at the end of your rope you'll grab on to anything.  I had acupuncture performed about 15 years ago. For argument's sake, let's say it was to rejuvenate. The acupuncturist put me on a regimen of weird herbs, and she told me about a month into it I was going to get very sick, and that when I was better, all would be right.  The acupuncture itself was interesting. Peaceful music. Pleasant person to talk to.  Needles hanging out of my body everywhere.  I did get sick about a month later, sicker than I can remember ever having been. After a few days of intense pain, I woke up with the sun, feeling amazing.  And I never wake up early.  The good feeling lasted a couple of weeks. I ran out of the herbs and asked the acupuncturist what to do next. She said it was up to me to decide on how I want to live my life, that she couldn't do anything else for me.  That, to me, does not sound like a con artist. YMMV.   Yes, thank you...   no.. it struck me that it could be read from left to right or top to bottom, and i think the second version will have some words rearranged so you can do just that. as it stands, it is to be read from top to bottom like a normal paragraph, starting with "The night you...".  Thanks for bringing it up. It needed clarification.   Thank you for your comment and the link. I have a shell to break and this kind of thinking helps a lot.   Definitely going to work this one over a few times for the books. Thanks for reading!   feedback taken to heart, and then some:  http://imgur.com/r/Poetry/zYtAG6n  and since you asked nicely:  http://imgur.com/5qVjjn4      No offense taken at all. I take the subject matter to heart. This last month I have begun writing again after a 15 year block, where before I was putting out a song, story, or a few poems a day for several years, piles of it printed up around me. There were some real gems in there, lost forever in print, and I intend on recouping by incorporating this type of criticism into what's new.    Thanks - I caught that "an" right after I submitted this. It should be "the".  Someone asked me to center justify another piece in an effort to convey how the time spent with loved ones being described went by like sands in an hourglass. I could not rewrite the original piece well enough to do this undoubtedly common device justice, then this poured out. I could probably have started off by saying I am aware of how gimmicky this looks, as I did in the original post, but thought I'd forego an explanation this time.  Interesting how you find the second line pointless. That phrase actually served as a basis for the six lines, and was perfectly long enough to fit where it does with respect to where an introduction sits between the first glance and a warm feeling. I am also trying to convey how much that first impression counts, how an introduction is the inch given to someone special who takes a mile, and then some, thus: 'an introduction's inch more than a mile".   I think the bottom half is kind of a train wreck, but if I allow myself to read it from the perspective of someone who has not yet, it doesn't look so bad.  Thanks again. Your piece, "To see is rare", is amazing by the way.      I am absolutely interested in editing and can get started right away.  Digging through some stuff for a submission now. Thank you so much!   Wish I knew about this earlier. I've never published anything and want to be part of this. I'd like to help with feedback or editing. I am a technical writer by trade if that helps.      10% off of their prices means you are still paying 89% more than their junk is worth. Target is an overpriced Walmart with the same crap but better looking packaging. Their meat, milk, produce, and goods are all imported from Slave Labor, Whereverthefuck anyway.  Fuck target. I asked my wife not to shop there for those reasons alone, and now I have thousands to deal with on my credit card because she just had to have some piece of shit bamboo picture frame or some shit. Fortunately I have a good credit union, the funds are returned, and I have a new account.  Yes my credit card got run through three or four companies in North America out of the blue just last week, right when this news hit. I've been using plastic for decades and have NEVER had this happen before.  Fuck target. They should be paying their IT guys better. Run a free fucking VPN client from your POS systems into your business core, use a fancy NAC product, certificates, you know, multi-factor AUTHENTICATION, and you wont have to worry about someone busting into your wireless networks, you money grubbing assholes.  I can't wait to get in on the class action lawsuit. Wouldn't it be hilarious to see the look on a tech-saavy judge's face when he reviews their internal security audits, their PCI audits. What a fucking farce.  /rant   Have you read "House of Leaves"? It's a nightmare inducing horror story written just for people like us by people like us.   What an ending. Great work! I startled the dog when I laughed out loud with you. Thank you for that.   I love this. You've pushed alliteration to great limits, harnessing what I can tell is a wide vocabulary while capturing a moving story.  Mind if I stand on your shoulder for a second?  When wandering with whimsical wonders, where we will wind up,   riding ‘round rattled roads reaping raging ruckii,   fortunes found from friendly followings.   Floral fractals flying from fallow fields,   clouds communicating compounding colors, creating cryptic codes,   manic mysteries morphing many magnificent marvels   Slowly slurring specifics, slightly psilocybin-centered sentiments,   throwing theoretical thoughts through the theoretical theme,   idealistically identified in incapacitated intervals.   Sentimental existential sanctified endings,   but beginning by brotherhood bonding;   systematic sight sought synchronously    You cans see, I've rearranged the sentence structure by using different conjugations/forms of the same words to transpose subject and predicate (for arguments sake) while trying to maintain the original impact the words had on me, but the way you tie it together at the end is what it's about and very difficult to mutate and impossible for me to imitate.  Bah. I like yours a lot better. More!!!   This is so much.. There is so much in there dying to get out. Draw from this. I use this sort of thing in my notes to assemble ideas and produce cohesion. This kind of spoken word the aquifer from which the well flows.  Swim in it, bottle them up, and bring us back some more to consume.   Your work, [Can You?](http://www.reddit.com/r/Poetry/comments/1gdski/can_you_thank_you_for_reading/) is a powerful reminder of my 19 year old self, and that style stowed away while I was out of commission all these years.  Stick to it is what I say. I let someone stomp out the flames I had inside me long ago, and it cost me my ability to obtain inspiration for a very, very long time - the prime of my life. It took the depths of a dying depression and someone nice enough to listen to every single word of self pity I could muster in order for that fire to rekindle, to restore my faith so to speak. As such, it would be very inspiring to read more of your work and I urge you to post.  Don't let go whatever you do. Find someone that inspires you to improve yourself.   Here's a funny one to lighten the mood. It wound up being pretty popular here, another casualty. I will repost it in a couple of days so I don't get banned or something.  Dear zit on my ass   Won't you go away   I found you in the shower   While bathing myself today     Zit on my ass   Please leave me alone   I feel like that girl   I call on the phone     Zit on my ass   Why are you still there   I feel like I hate you   And I want to stare     Zit on my ass   Please leave me be   How I have told you   She doesn't want me     Zit on my ass..   How I wish I could   Sit a normal position   As normal ass should     Sit on my ass   That's why you're there   Because I am lazy   Because I don't care     Zit on my ass..     Hi, had to check out your comment history after you complimented my work to see what kind of person you are. I think I found what I was looking for and hope these words offer comfort.  I have come to learn that parents already know how you feel. Telling them to their face may not benefit anyone. My parents know where their faith lies with me just as much as they know how much their faith has lied to me.  There are no easy answers. Time is your best bet. I know I'd never tell my mother I'm an athiest because it's a stupid thing to say to a delicate woman such as herself. She is elderly and can believe whatever she wants, and I'd have words with anyone who'd do anything to upset her condition. I am a grown man now and am past the detriment brought about by a religious upbringing, and harbor ill will only towards those who take the name of a deity in profit.  I think the real question is, what is there to be gained from blurting out hurtful words to your parents? Unless you live in a commune and/or are seeing people abused in the name of religion, it's difficult to justify the pain.   What a great compliment - wow! I am slowly digging up at few things I had deleted due to interpersonal reasons but am realizing there is nothing in them worth hiding from anyone. It's my outlet and I'll say whatever I want. I haven't written anything in about 15 years and its coming back with a vengeance.  This is the fallout left of when my submission history got nuked by a bottle of Fireball:  http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject7364/submitted/  Exile is the best by far in my opinion. Check out [RAUNCHY](http://www.reddit.com/r/Poetry/comments/1tef16/oc_raunchy_probably_nsfw/), work in progress. Might take a month or too to chisel away at it, so the feedback really helps.  Thanks again kind stranger.   Reposting after feedback. What do you guys think of my flower pot? haha..      silicone sin indeed. great job. i can relate to this whole poem in a big way. thank you for posting.  there is a story of foreboding and mortal pleasure in this.  with imagery like this one day you'll find yourself consumed allright. keep up the good work! post more!   Thank you! This morning it started raining and it stayed dark, and that kind of gets me going. The thought of whether or not women blush in the dark struck me in jest, and here you have it. The one that flew out next made me decide to stay in today and write.   Too close for comfort?   Too warm in the room?   Too charmed to speak?   Too much too soon?     Your cheeks feel hot,   Against my rough face,   Your pulse is faster,   Than my slow pace.     Here we are,   Alone this night,   Myself pallid,   Yourself alight.    Naughtier words,   Your skin flushes,   Slowing hands,   Your breath rushes.      What does that to you?   Was it something I said?   Are you red right now?   In the dark, in my bed?     As much as I love to tear up a bar, if I were living down there I'd rather have some distance between my home and all that racket. This is just progress.   Half the people commenting on this are getting downvoted. Why? What is it about this topic that makes people abuse Reddit's voting system instead of discuss the issue?  We are all entitled to our own opinion, and when it comes to things like this, opinions can run a little strong. I clicked on this wanting to gain the perspective of someone who would even question this inevitability. This is a FOX channel, not KLRU. Of course it's going to get worse. Like they say, The Revolution Will Not Be Televised.  So now you have my opinion. Is it contributing to this discussion? In the sense that I am expressing my disdain for the further decline of our national media, but your question was about whether or not we should be concerned.  My answer to that is no, and it comes from my "slanted" opinion that FOX news pumps out bullshit propaganda for the rich and powerful 24 hours a day and there is nothing that can be done to stop it. It's not like the people who watch FOX7 are suddenly going to turn into Tea Party bandits and start rioting. If anything, this will alienate even more viewers, particularly the younger crowd, and to me, that's a good thing and thus no cause for alarm.     It's been writing on the wall for decades. Look at downtown Dallas - that place is fucking dangerous. It reminds me of downtown LA with shanties propped up next to those skyscrapers. Sixth is a real shithole at about 1 AM on any given night these days, drunks staggering around looking for fights, cops everywhere, crackheads and crazies being pushy about asking for money. It's dystopian.  But don't say that too loud. You might upset all those people that moved here to live in those overpriced condos.   I wound up with it too a couple years ago and found it no more debilitating than the common cold. The "normal flu" was 10x harder on me. Lucked out I guess!   This is great. I am glad you guys got over it so quickly. I have little ones and when they get sick it can be scary. It sounds like you have yourself a real trooper there.    I had a friend wind up in ER last week with a work injury who later dropped by to tell me all about his trip to the hospital. He said ER was packed with people with masks over their faces coughing - ask he is standing there shaking my hand, sneezing.  "Este vato!", I tell him. He's like "Oh shit sorry lol". I brought him inside and we dosed down with vitamins, green juice, and v8. The next night I started getting that familiar tickle in my nose and throat and thought for sure I was going to come down with something. I jumped out of bed and took 1 tsp. curry, 1 tsp. turmeric, 1 tsp. minced garlic, and 1 tsp. of cumin just for kicks.  An hour later I started getting a fever and feeling like total shit, but yesterday I woke up as if nothing had happened. My stomach bothered me all night though. Not sure if eating that much powdered spices is good for me, but I know one thing: I'm not going to ER.  My friend is fine but the rest of his family is really sick now.     FTA:  In a news conference, President Vladimir Putin expressed no regret for the Pussy Riot members. "I was not sorry that they ended up behind bars," he said. "I was sorry that they were engaged in such disgraceful behaviour, which in my view was degrading to the dignity of women."  O WISE ONE: What do us mortals have to learn from this? Please elaborate on how we are allowed to love our Women. Evidently I have not built a large enough dungeon. If you could provide the dimensions proportionate to the number of souls I could capture, I would be forever in your debt.  Edit: Capitalized the word Women, because I respect that word.   I hate this bot. It makes me think someone had something comforting to say, which I would probably hate anyway.   That's a tough one, for sure. It get's across to me a few things and that is probably saying a lot.  Your concentration on the details that drive action are what make it. This is a real hit. In my perspective there's an endless supply, but I'm begnning to wonder if it fades, so I can stick with this.   I wrote a term paper criticizing the college for using antiquated and proprietary, costly software in an educational environment, and got promptly kicked the fuck out.  Go have sex on the hood of a car where everyone can see you and then run like hell.   D.A.R.E.   I have proof of this. The farther away I get from my ex the better our relationship has become.  	51
 it's my first, he's a champ     	2
 I'm not reddit but I like the way this one thinks ^   I was expecting Papal lasers and I was sorely disappointed    So if my well runs dry and water is a human right, how would that be provided to me? Would the local government have to pay to relocate me to a site with a viable ground water source, or supply me somehow?   Wait... The antichrist? Like, offspring of a human and a cabrion demon, revelations style antichrist?  Is this like a common belief among baptists or just a select fringe group?   At least Catholics standardize what you eat. My church just used bread (no crust because Jesus doesn't do crust). The one week they ran out of wheat halfway through and switched to rye. Result: you had your choice between white meat Jesus and darkness Jesus.  	5
 Haha, may I ask why? Did I just improperly use it or something?  I wrote this before a nap, so I was kinda dozy.  	1
 The creepy little guy inside still freaks me out today   OMG SAME I WAS TERRIFIED OF THIS HOUSE!   same  	3
 Forbidden love/sex, male dom but loving, don't like weird-ass stuff. Relatively tame.  	1
 Oops you guys are right - what I have is Keritosis. It looked very similar my mistake  	1
 This one time, I was finishing my Coke at a restaurant. I pulled out the straw when I was done and saw this giant dead hairy yellow spider somehow clinging onto the tip of the other end in a way that could only mean that it had been stuck there the whole time. I had been drinking all that Coke that was washing over its dead spider carcass. I will never drink out of a straw ever again without checking both ends.   I went to a French immersion middle school and we had this one particular teacher that stuck out. We called him Monsieur Sohier and he had this reputation with students for resembling something like an angry leprechaun (pointed ears, grizzled facial hair, balding). Whenever it seemed like we weren't paying enough attention, he'd actually scream at us for being horrible students until he got red in the face. And then he'd straight up throw things like chalkboard erasers or textbooks across the room, aimed at specific students whenever they talked in class. This one time, he walked up to a particularly talkative classmate and calmly pointed out this dictionary sitting on the shelf. He then stated in French something along the lines of, "If I were to hit you full-force with this dictionary, you'd probably drop dead before even knowing it."  To be honest, I'm surprised he never had an aneurysm in all his years of teaching.   I know some people who are very averse to sad music. I know for me, listening to extremely depressing music is a peculiar kind of catharsis. I hope you feel better soon. (:   Depends if you really like extremely depressing songs. I compiled the ultimate playlist of the most depressing breakup music I could find when I was going through a particularly rough one.  [lyric-heavy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYT8XUKO-58)  and if you're not into acoustic, [heart skipped a beat](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHYZy8SFp54)    I lost as soon as pelvic thrust guy started squeaking his way into frame.   [Pinkie Pie?](http://gifsoup.com/MjA3MjY2OA)   I'm 5'3" (actually more like 5' 2.75"). I think that's considered a pretty decent height for an Asian girl. I still wish I was taller though. It's kind of sad when I need to ask for help because I can't reach the shelves at work.   I spent a good portion of my high school years trying to dress like a [gothic lolita](http://lolitachan.org/scbt/src/130109239385.jpg). Nnnergh, whyyyy?  also, [slap bracelets](http://slapbraceletsonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/slap_bracelets_pile.jpg).   Agnes. I'm not quite sure if I like it or not. It makes me feel like a crotchety old lady. I've also had people mistake it for "Haggis".   Getting distracted by your own cleavage all the time. :D  	10
    Not a FTB pack but I believe the Attack of the B-Team modpack is an evil scientist based pack. Maybe you can take a look at the mods on that list too. I am on mobile, otherwise I would provide you a link straight away   Something I really like over at r/mindcrack is that when someone is having their birthday later that week or the week after, they have a contest to design a banner for the subreddit and the winner gets a custom flair. :) Everyone can join these. Or maybe you can think of something similar.   Guude seems very busy with a lot of other series at the moment. He just started a few new series of other things so my guess is no.   And I'm sure it also always will be :)   Yet the French did a great job ending this terrible sequence of shootings and hostages. Things have finally come to an end now.   Infinity bow   Cactus anyone?   I hope he does, I miss his perspectives.   Pause doing some epic red shell dodging in the 3rd race!   I think it mainly was because there were 20 people on the server, all spread out loading chunks. Near the end, a few episodes before the finale, there were still quite some people but they were together mostly so the lag was lower.   I understand :) It is still quite impressive because you did this all in survival. My comment may have sounded a little harsh but I don't mean it that way. I was a little disappointed because I still did not see the finished build.   I don't know if ethereal blooms work here or just against taint.   I don't understand these kind of posts. First you show a plains biome where you're gonna build. Sure, but I don't really care where you build it, I wanna see the build! Then some pictures of while you were still building, and I like the materials you used. And then at last I still haven't seen the full build. Fly around, take a few screenshots of the finished build! Is this just me?   I had never heard of it. I made my first archmage's blood orb yesterday, was pretty exciting already :P Still fairly new to Blood Magic   Yes think so too. And they are all renewable :) Even lapis, through villager trading   I can recommend watching the Beecademy videos :)   T6?   No. Green dye is cactus green, brown dye is cocoa beans   Same for brown. You'd need cocoa beans.   I always love your art. Great work again! :D   You can maybe also watch nodded Minecraft let's plays together? That way she'll learn too and maybe get an idea of what she wants to do, and you can help her reach her goal.   What a cutie! :D Razzie is in good hands!   I understood "bae" when he showed the doll, but that's it.   Teach me! Every time I try to do homework and watch a video at the same time, I end up watching the video   Man this sounds like my dad.   You don't have to watch each and every single video put out by the Mindcrackers, that's impossible. Pick a few series/Mindcrackers you like and watch those :) Or pick a Mindcracker you don't know much about and try to watch one of their series?   Heh, sorry :) I had the normal one for a while but I accidentally took another flair on this account.. Really glad I got the picture back at least :P It's my 2014 mindcrack moment.   Its over at /r/mindcrack too :) I like it   I got the rare version of your flair :)   I think they have added everything they could come up with to 1.8, the bountiful update. They are out of features for the moment, probably working on new ones as we speak but we don't know yet?   What's wrong with it?   Make a deconstruction table. This breaks down items to their primal aspects and there is a chance of getting a research aspect each time. I recommend using wool or crafting tables, you'll see why.  Another thing you can do is to place bookshelves around your research table. This gives aspects in your research table a shiny thingy, which means you have one extra. So this does not generate infinite research points but it is really helpful. It gets back after some time and is useful if you're one short for completing a research in the table. :)   Yeah, although Chad did a great job too that day! Somehow he went to teams on the right moment :)   I rewatched #FTK UHC tonight and I enjoyed it as much as the first time. This whole rampage by Anderz and CaptainSparklez, damn!   I'm watching less and less series :( I watch vanilla episodes from Chad and Beef every now and then but not all of them, I watch Millbee's MK8 Road to 10,000 every now and then, I watch Gmod Prop Hunt and the group MK8 videos.. Used to watch way more series. Generik has some great series going at the moment, from what I've heard. I have yet to figure out :)   In a teams UHC though. Together with one or two of the Mario Matters, this could become hilarious   Oh my god, this one's amazing! XD      I think I read it on either one's Twitter. Would have to check later, it's 3am now so I'm off to bed. Happy new year ;)   No, the pack you're talking about is still WIP   Just a few hours left, leaving home for the night so happy new year to all! See you in 2015!   I think this is because /u/nWW just used the order of the comments in each nomination thread as answers to the poll, and the top nominations (which were upvoted the most) would logically get more votes on the polls too   True! :D Yay!   I love how sometimes half of our server instantly quit the game for about 10 minutes when the chat message would pop up. Mostly new people though but was fun to watch. "Nope!" *username left the game*   What if Nether regeneration was turned off...   No idea, but I believe there's still quite a lot of people around here with the original flair. At least.. at /r/mindcracktrade in the sidebar, #forthehorse is green, indicating 150 people have the flair. Don't know since when the last update to that sidebar was though.   Did you also watch Millbee's MK8 series in where he wants to get 10,000 player points? I really like that series.   First Christmas with my boyfriend since we both moved out of our parents' houses. Yesterday was great, brunch with my family, today we're with just the two of us (although he's now in bed with a fever and a headache) and tomorrow we're seeing his parents :)  Also, I'm really happy to be having my #forthehorse flair again! :D   The hive is also fun, I really like block party   Not being signed in on the trade site cost me a Team Shreeyam flair last night..   Yeah this one went really fast   Wouldn't be that hard, if you still can't find people, go to 0,0. I like the idea though ;) and baj couldn't find people this season so who knows how long it would take   You should take a look at r/feedthebeastservers   I don't remember where but earlier today he's just back because of all the UHC comments from last night, with half of the subreddit being nice and the other half maybe less nice. He was the only mod awake in a certain timeframe so he helped out. As soon as the UHC reactions are calmed down again, he'll be gone again.  edit: yeah see /u/gil2455526's comment below   You have to click the twitter icon over at the /r/mindcrack sidebar. That links you to another hyperlink (instead of his twitter) which will lead you to the trade. The answer can always be found on /r/mindcrack, you don't have to go to another website.   Yay I got one! Pause's twitter   Was just too late for this one :( I found the icon but in the few seconds it took to load the page, the trade was already completed.. brb in 1 hour!  edit: got it!!   Yeah Doc's Twitch icon but I was too late already I think   Op meant uhc as a whole   Don't you mean Christmas Day 2013 for season 4's videos?   Go aqua!   Hehe, alright! Lol. It's a nice cap indeed :D   I can't help but ask myself if he put on the Mindcrack T-shirt and Docm77 cap for just this video or whether he wears this more often :P Sorry Doc xD Happy holidays to you too!!   Generik's S4 Mansion (that's 2014 right?)   Probably someone from Aqua gets killed in the Nether trap to see if they can get there :( After that Aqua will ask purple to come out to end this season with a fight. Aqua wins.   Yeah, it's what I do too. I've been running around my survival world with a stack of BLT's for weeks now and I still have plenty. I used to eat quite frequently but now I know I don't really need to.   You're back!! :D   Not sure but I think Delighted Meal is the best food item. I could be wrong. IIRC it heals 8 hunger bar thingies.   Team PWN, UHC S18   This is the first time I hear this and I have tears running down my face from laughter xD   I go with /u/warrantica's [banner](http://i.imgur.com/tayQXrz.png) (picked from /u/brighteyes890's post)   Ooh, as soon as I have finished what I have to do today, I'm gonna make work of this. Hope I can find things back though.   Next season should be season 20.   I hope they just step out of the nether and face team aqua instead of luring team aqua into the nether. Btc already regened to full health again, so did vechs. I hope Wednesday is the finale.   Make potions with what? They still don't have nether wart. There's not much left for them to do there.    You can probably do that with a strawpoll or something like that.  edit: Whoops saw JaxThePillow's comment right after I hit submit -_-   Yeah nWW just told me   Do you know the name of that flower? o.o   Oh, I totally missed that :( Sorry!   Brighteyes came back very soon though   The videos when doc was complaining about that IKEA delivery were hilarious. He ordered one shelf IIRC but got a complete kitchen delivered at his doorstep. I'm on my phone now so I don't have a link on me but it's from season 5   [Seriously?](http://i.gyazo.com/89e8b5dd96953a33a97e9c4446e8b96c.png)   I think I missed the tweet. What did it say?  Edit: found it, never mind. Been away for a few days   Holidaaaaays yaaaaay   Which is completely reasonable if you ask me.   Yeah for some reason I can't reach Twitter here. Someone blocked it once and I keep getting an SSL connection error, would be nice if I could still read the tweets :(   Doc and Mhykol both have 4 golden apples. Also, Millbee and Avidya carry one IIRC. But I see you're still at 80min mark?   I believe Avidya, Anderz and Millbee all carry 3 healing potions, not 3 potions in total.   Ah alright. I didn't know if there maybe was another village on the map that no one found yet. Also I'm a big dummie, I completely missed the part where Seth went right with his staircase as MC went left so they would go parallel and not out of Mumble range. I think it was MC's nametag I could see.    the Village  You mean the desert village Seth and MC visit too? I thought I could see a tiny nameplate in the distance in Seth's video but I didn't hear anyone. Will watch again and maybe edit for timestamp.. Also will watch Doc now. Brb.  edit: turned out to be MC's nametag. I somehow missed the part where they both took a turn in their staircase so they would dig parallel and not go out of Mumble range. [Here's](http://youtu.be/pdjH7Nba3-I?t=16m7s) a timestamp for anyone who's still interested, Seth looks at it two times but I'm pretty sure it's MC.   I really hope team Aqua meets up some more. I wanna see their reaction when they find out there are healing potions for everyone etcetera. Aqua is quite strong right now, even though Millbee/Anderz/Avidya all don't have a bow, but when team Aqua fully merges... How amazing would it be if they all meet up and kill Light Purple one by one :D   That creeper man! Could've been it!   Sethbling ninja'd that creeper. Oh my heart...   Alright, awesome. Then moving and/or rebuilding the portal really is his best option, considering he doesn't know the current portal in the overworld is broken.   I'm sorry this is 100% unrelated, but where has /u/tweetposter gone actually?   Germany rocking the charts lol. Doc seems to be doing ok :)   That would be very hard. It's in a cave and the Nether mumble range is quite big in the overworld. He could say he's at the portal but in the overworld, they'd have to scan quite a big area. Would be awesome if this works though!   Or just three diamonds to break down the original portal he just trapped. Does he actually still have flint and steel? I thought Jsano had it...   Would be amazing.   I thought they had multiple persons typing out the episode marks in case one of them would be in a fight, what happened to that? I know Guude typed them out too and he died pretty early, but don't they have any extra people who are willing to do that, in case Seth is in a fight at that moment? Chances are small, but anything can happen in UHC...   I never thought of this, it is possible. If the teammates have the tools to create a portal that is not close to the original one, it might be possible it generates a second, safe nether portal and they could give Vechs their Nether coords. Oh man :D   I hope he manages to do this. Finding three diamonds and moving the portal, that is.  	103
 This one actually made my jaw drop. Holy shit.    The Swamps of Dagobah  I  deleted my last reddit account a couple years ago, haven't been on it again until recently...but I still knew *exactly* what you were talking about before I even clicked the link   You're doing so well! Congratulations! Keep moving on the path toward mental and physical health, you deserve it!   I have never cried in a movie theater before--until I saw that movie   HOW WILL I EVER KNOW WHAT MOVIE IT'S FROM WHEN NOT ONE PERSON HAS RESPONDED   Air Bud. When the kid's like, "Go away you stupid dog!" it kills me because I know he doesn't really feel that way but he has to make Air Bud run away because he can't keep him, and Air Bud then ends up homeless and he doesn't understand why he can't stay with the kid and it's just a whirlwind of emotion and I cry ever tiem   Omg. Recipe?   I think by that, he or she meant to say that people of color have not historically oppressed white people by employing racism--racism is more than just "I hate this group of people" (which would be prejudice), it's actually widely recognized as race affecting the social order. So by THAT definition, no, it's not possible for people of color to be racist--at least in America, where people of color have historically been (and arguably still are) oppressed by the law. People of color can DEFINITELY be prejudiced and hateful toward others, though, obviously--I think that that's unfortunately just inherent in most people.  The person just said it without explaining it, though, and to someone who hasn't studied racism and prejudice and learned to discuss it using the widely agreed-upon *academic* definitions of the terms (rather than the colloquial definitions), that may come off as a really, really dumb statement.   I'm assuming you got in contact with him to sell him your textbook on like a Facebook group for your university or something. You should post this exchange in the same place. People like this are shit.   I don't know my boyfriend's username (not because he, like, refuses to tell me or anything, but because I just never asked), and now I'm so curious. Every time I read something that applies to me I've been looking through the comment history to try to figure out if it's him! Haha  Edit:  Just kidding, I thought about what it could be, searched it, looked through that person's comments, and figured out it's him. I feel like an evil genius mastermind. And no, he did not post about me here. I'm relieved.   ULTIMATE BETRAYAL OF TRUST. If I found out my boyfriend was watching one of our shows without me I'd be so mad, haha.   As someone whose parents left each other *way* too late in the game, I think you should probably just try to figure out custody for your kids and separate from her. She can't make you stay. Your kids will be mad for a while, but believe me, it's better to spare them the trauma of living in a house where both parents absolutely hate each other. I'm just speaking from personal experience here, but I wish I could unhear the things my parents said to each other and unsee the things they did to each other when they fought. Even though the idea of them getting divorced seemed scary to me when I was a teenager, I wish they hadn't waited 'til I left for college to separate. It would have spared me a lot of pain.  I don't know what your situation with your wife is--whether there's abuse involved or what--but it could potentially spare your children a lot more pain and uncertainty if you were to separate sooner rather than later.   I can't decide if that's weird and creepy or adorable and sweet.   I just wanted to let you know that this comment made me laugh out loud, thanks for brightening up my day :D   "Plus I read somewhere that rebellious, slutty women usually have lots of tattoos and piercings"  Oh, he read it somewhere, it must be a fact! He should definitely shape his worldview around that!   I assure you "Celiac" is a word, regardless of what Google says, because it's a proven medical condition that affects millions of people just in the US alone.  only a loss if they don't think there is enough Celiac people out there  It's not about what large corporations *or* small businesses *think*, it's about the *fact* that there are millions of people with Celiac disease, and if they offer a couple of gluten-free items on the menu (which really isn't that hard or costly at all) they're opening up their market to a huge group of people who previously wouldn't have been interested in their restaurant/coffee shop/store/whatever.  And I'm going to repeat myself here, but no, eliminating the fad will not help people with Celiac...at all...because it would mean that more places will stop offering gluten free food due to a reduced market for it. It would mean that gluten free food (you know, the only food people with Celiac disease can eat) would not be available to people who need it, and they would have to search hard just to get a box of pasta or a loaf of bread. It would be incredibly limiting.  Also, why does anyone give a shit what exercise plan or diet people follow? That's their personal choice. It's stupid to expend energy hating them. Their right to that choice is as American as Nascar's choice to run their poorly-made, awkward rap-country hybrid, Nick Offerman commercial. Just because you personally wouldn't do it doesn't mean they don't have a right to eat what they want to eat.   In the same vein, I hate when people talk on the phone and have it on speakerphone in public. That perplexes me for two reasons: 1) why would anyone want other people to hear your whole phone conversation? and 2) why would they assume I want to hear it?!   I work as a cashier at a place that gives you the option of not printing your receipt to save paper. I have this one regular who always gets REALLY mad when I ask her if she'd like her receipt. Once I told her it was just a yes or no question, and that she was welcome to say yes instead of yelling at me, and she reported me to my boss. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯      No, I'm not offended by that message and I understand that the commercial isn't targeting people with Celiac disease. However, in spreading the message that people should not go gluten-free because it's stupid or whatever, it affects people with CD in that it makes it more difficult to find gluten-free food. Like I said, I'm not offended that they called people who don't eat gluten "soft" (I have a legitimate reason not to eat it so I really don't give a shit what other people think), I'm more concerned with the fact that this mindset limits availability of gluten-free food for people who actually really need it.   Well gluten-free living as a *fad* started around 5 years ago, yes, but Celiac disease (which is capitalized, btw, so that's why you're seeing a red squiggly line under it) has existed for a long time. We've seen a lot more cases pop up starting in the 80s and 90s because we changed the way we cultivate wheat and other crops within the Triticeae tribe starting around the 1950s. (Currently, they're harvested much earlier than they're meant to be, making it harder for some people to digest, and as a fun little side fact, they're also genetically modified so that they have estrogen in them--which of course is dangerous for anyone with hormone-based illnesses).  Also, nobody's trying to change the way people who don't have Celiac disease eat, we're just trying to get gluten-free food more readily available. It doesn't cost that much for a restaurant to keep a few boxes of gluten-free pasta around to replace regular pasta in their dishes when a customer asks, so it almost definitely wouldn't end up hurting restaurants.  And that last bit made me laugh out loud--of COURSE we're lobbying for a cure. But until a cure is found, we still have to eat gluten-free, and being able to eat three square meals a day is kind of a more immediate issue than finding a cure.   But at the same time, and as I wrote in another comment, when people say going gluten-free makes someone "soft," it influences a lot of other people to think that. And when a lot of people think that, it makes it difficult for the people who actually do have Celiac disease to find food we can eat easily.   So basically, for me it's not so much a matter of "someone said something about gluten and I'm taking it out of context and being sad about it," it's more a matter of "someone keeps perpetuating the idea that gluten free food isn't worth providing to people and now I can't comfortably go to most of the restaurants my friends want to go to because the only gluten free things they sell there are salads and if I have one more fucking salad this week I will scream"   I mean, I wouldn't call it *offensive* per se, but as a person with Celiac disease, yeah, gluten is actually pretty fucking dangerous. And people who perpetuate the idea that "people who don't eat gluten are soft" make it a lot more difficult for me, as a person who can't eat gluten, to go out and easily find gluten-free options.  And I don't give a shit if some people don't eat gluten for "real" medical reasons--if more people are requesting gluten-free options at restaurants, then that means that more restaurants will start offering gluten-free items. And *that* means that I can go out with my friends and order something easily, without having to send the waiter to the back and check the exact ingredients of everything (which I don't like doing and they don't like doing). Each time a person makes a joke about gluten-free people being pussies or something, it makes it harder for people with my condition to live their lives comfortably.  /rant  TLDR: Fuck all y'all, make gluten-free foods more readily accessible   If it makes you feel better, the people who did things like that in middle school have to grow up knowing that they did that. And they have to live knowing that they were the bully, not the underdog. They did bad things, and someday their kids are going to come home from school upset about something mean someone said to them, and they'll understand the kind of sadness they inflicted on you. And they will feel really, really bad and probably hate themselves a little bit for it.  	24
 And when did I ever say that Russell is the undisputed GOAT?   You're basically saying that since everyone, ostensibly, doesn't totally agree on subjective measurements, you can't argue one player as the GOAT.  That's the POINT OF A DEBATE. One person has his subjective argument, and another has his subjective argument, and you TRY TO PROVE THAT YOURS MAKES MORE SENSE.  It's what the concept of debating is BASED ON.    You can argue Russell is the most dominate player over his peers if you want, but **no one can look at a game from the 60s and one from the 90s and say they are the same.**  And no one has said they are. The point is that Bill Russell did things no one else has done. Yes, his competition was weaker, but he accomplished a whole lot more than anyone else ever has.  That's like if I play NBA 2K14 on Rookie and score 1,000 points in one game with one player. You can use the "It's Rookie mode, too easy, only reason you did that" argument if you want, but 1,000 points with one player is amazing, period.   Why does a player have to be overwhelmingly better than the next-best player to be the GOAT?  Once again, you believe in that logic, and that's fine, but that doesn't make it 100% fact.   Kinda like it's important to recognize how you think you know everything when you don't, much less something personal about a person you don't know at all?   http://sidoxia.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/pot-kettle-black.jpg?w=455   The fact that you believe in this logic doesn't make it infallible.   Wonderful.  Should I just give up on trying to have a reasonable discussion?   Not sure what the hostility is for. Chill out.  Anyway...   There is no objective determination of how to value these things.  Then how do we know who's better than who in any era? Also, at least half those statistics suck and are unreliable/fallacious.    it's impossible to compare him to the modern era to the variety of rule changes and fundamental play style differences.  It really isn't, though. Not if you know enough about basketball.  You can look at stats, video, his performances against the best players/teams (single-handedly kept Wilt below his average in 100+ career matchups), etc.  For God's sake, the man was VOTED BY THE NBA as the greatest player of all time in the 80s.    Video and stats of the games don't exist or aren't recoverable  They do. There's plenty of video, and professional historians have researched and recorded advanced statistics for Russell's era. That's how we know how great his defensive impact was-- the Celtics' team Defensive Rating skyrocketed as soon as he came to the team, and fell off a cliff the minute he retired.   there's no objective means of weighing statistics.  Why not? All you have to do is look at what the rest of the league was doing, and how that player performed relative to the average. As long as you have enough knowledge to properly account for any extenuating circumstances, it shouldn't be a problem.   Wow, the downvotes.  Note to self: Unpopular opinions are against the rules, no matter how logical.    You have to take into account positional differences, the players they played against, and even things like referee playcalling differences. It really isn't possible.  What exactly makes this impossible...?    I think it's hard to judge Russell because of his era, and the fact that his team was loaded with HOFers during an time with few NBA teams.  Those players were Hall-of-Famers due to Russell. Look at their statistics, research them, watch them play, and tell me with a straight face that Russell had an All-Star team around him.   Jordan is just easier to compare, because the number of teams is the same and the talent level hasn't changed dramatically from then to now.  But they have. The rules are different (to Jordan's benefit), players are much better defensively, players are more athletic, and defensive schemes are more advanced.   My bad. I'm new here.  And I think Bill Russell being Top 5 should be a given. Top 3 should probably also be without question.   That's not necessarily true. We have all the advanced statistics and video to properly judge players relative to their era. It's very practical to rank one player as being greater than anyone else who has played in the NBA.   This isn't true at all. You really should research Bill Russell (not even trying to patronize).  His defensive ability was absolutely ridiculous.   11 championships, five League MVP awards, All-Defense 1st Team in its first year of existence (his final season), only player to win a championship in his first and last year, and not to mention his galactic impact defensively that literally affected the entire league (and will never come close to being replicated).  In my opinion, he clearly has a case as the greatest player of all time over Jordan or whoever you have up there.   He who asks shall receive! Even jokingly.  http://1.imgland.net/gL6bOw.gif   Any video from any site.  Why? Because I just don't give a fuck.  Seriously though, I love Big Show's finisher. It's simple yet devastating, and depending on the sell, it can look extremely convincing.  So go ahead and post a video of your favorite Big Show KO Punch (and timestamp or tell me what time in the video if necessary). Then sit back and wait for the GIF. :D   Dolphins1925 screwed Dolphins1925   That single event in 2002 pretty much fucked up my entire life, to this day. I became cold toward others, I became so depressed that I lost the will to do much of anything. My grades slipped (I was always a very good student and very intelligent), I never finished high school, I couldn't even make it through community college, and I've never gotten a job by legitimate means (my dad got me one, and a friend got me another one).  I've also accrued significant debt, have very little money to my name, no job, and take five different psychiatric medications on a daily basis.   I was 13 years old, raised Christian, with no one in my family (including myself at that point) even considering the fact that the Christian God might not exist.  Christmas was always one of my favorite holidays, and it was my mother's, too. She and I were very close to one another, and we had a lot of fun every year setting up decorations and receiving/giving presents.  Then, in the Christmas season of 2002, I noticed that she was less jovial than usual and was spending a lot more time in bed than usual. Me and my dad decorated the house, which I usually did with my mom. I was told she was just a little under the weather and would be fine soon.  On December 22, she passed away from cancer. Three days before Christmas. Three days before our favorite holiday. I was 13 years old.  I was broken emotionally and probably still haven't recovered. It wasn't long after that when I decided that I refuse to worship a god who would take something like that away from me at the worst possible time.  Then, my big cousin, who I was closest to after my mother passed, was killed in a car accident last year. He was 26 years old. I am, and have been for a long time, perpetually depressed, feeling like I want to cry pretty much 24/7. But not when I was around my cousin. He was such a happy, funny, effervescent, and most importantly, nice guy that it was impossible for me to be depressed around him. Every time he came over and we played video games together, I never ever felt depressed. He and I would crack jokes and have as good a time as you'd ever see me have. And now I'm never going to see him again.  At that point, I firmly decided that if God exists, he can send me to Hell, because I will absolutely not bow before a deity whose existence hasn't even been close to being proven, and who (if he DOES exist) is taking away the few people in my life that I have a strong relationship with.  If he wants to condemn me to the underworld because I don't believe he exists, due to a significant lack of hard evidence, then so be it.   Back when my house had a serious mouse problem, I once saw two mice chasing each other. One would chase the other, then they'd turn around and the other one would chase, and so on.  I swear to God they were playing tag.   http://imgur.com/rw31ZGV  Seriously though, congrats.   It's only been five hours, for God's sake. Come on. When people write, it's rare that they just sit down and immediately know exactly what to put on the paper.  Can't I have at least 12 hours or so? At least? Please?   Huh? What makes you say that? I'm a little busy today, that's all...   Not gonna lie to you bro, I've never seen a single episode of Breaking Bad _   Who initiated? You or the cheating guy?   Does that include just people you're friends with, or also people you're somewhat indifferent towards?   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vocal_fry_register ?   To what extent? Could you be more specific? Maybe give me an example?   Like, for example, say I have three files (I have way more than that, but this is just for the sake of simplicity):  * Google * Yahoo * Reddit  And I want to add a label that reads "[A]" at the beginning of each one, which would give me:  * [A] Google * [A] Yahoo * [A] Reddit  Can I do that with a single command/function, or would I have to go through each file and add the label myself?  Thanks.   http://screen.yahoo.com/faith-salie-speaking-vocal-fry-151710428-cbs.html   Maybe he comes from a country where it's perfectly normal.   I've always loved the *Saw* series, and I find myself enamored with John Kramer's machinations. I've often thought of what kind of "game" he'd force someone I know to play, or even myself.  In short, I love Saw, and I love creative writing. So hit me, Reddit.  Oddly enough, this is one of the few times when I hope this WON'T reach the front page. That'd be a lot of work.  Also, if you don't mind, let me know if you're male or female and your age. If you don't feel comfortable doing that, it's okay. Just don't even mention it in your comment.  **NOTE:** I made this thread before, but I never got around to actually typing up the narratives of the tests I'd thought of. I promise to do so this time, though!   Every time I look at the "Pedigree" entry, and I see the "(x3)" next to Undertaker at WrestleMania 27, I have to remind myself that it actually happened.  That is unreal on a galactic level, especially when you consider that he also took a goddamned TOMBSTONE PILEDRIVER.  And WON THE MATCH.  Good Lord.   But the thing is that Cena didn't gradually build up to the FU/AA (in kayfabe), and while you make a good point about Shawn Michaels, his superkick has put down some of the most credible wrestlers in recent history. The Twist of Fate doesn't have that to say for itself.   Shawn Michaels is amazing at telling a story during a match (his "Concussion" match vs Orton was barely even a wrestling match, yet it was still extremely entertaining, at least IMO), and it's really this simple-- he knows what he's doing in the ring more than anyone in WWE history (arguably). I've never seen him botch noticeably, and he knows his opponent's tendencies, as well as just how to work a match or even one spot, that it's almost impossible for him to put on a bad match.  He's one of those guys who either never makes mistakes, or when he does, you can't even tell, because he covers it up.  Remember when DX vs Rated RKO (I think) broke down because of Triple H's torn quad? Orton was running around like a lunatic, confused as hell (not a slight-- he was very young), but Shawn handled the situation as perfectly as he could have. On top of all that, he's also arguably the best face character of all time.  **tl;dr** Shawn Michaels is the Michael Jordan of pro wrestling.    I defy anyone to tell me that Angle pulling the straps back up, just so he can pull them down again isn't one of the greatest spots ever.  It was an amazing portmanteau of goofy Angle and wrestling-machine Angle. It seems kind of goofy to do, but he was so determined to win and prove he's a superior wrestler that he needed to get into the zone while already being in the zone.   Goddamnit, I came in here to read stories of failure. Fuck all you people with your "I never thought this amazing thing would happen and it did! :D" posts.  I hate my life.   I think it's a bit early for that. He's won, what, four matches with it?   I'd be hesitant to use moves that started off as just signature moves that didn't end a match, and then eventually became finishers.  But if you can convince me otherwise, I'm definitely listening.   That was in 1996, though.  Eventually, I might extend this into the 1990s. Could be fun.   [Con](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1201)  [Firmed](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1294)   Best-looking stolen finisher I've ever seen.   When, exactly? The problem with Sweet Chin Music is that Michaels almost never hits it after tuning up the band, and when he hits the "out of nowhere" version, he usually collapses from fatigue, which keeps him from getting an immediate pin.   [Did I miss something?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Btn1RwdSsAU#t=917)   [This looks like the sequence you're talking about.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZJBmM-jFKA feature=player_detailpage#t=1386) It was a roundhouse kick, not a GTS.   I don't think it's spelled that way...   I only watched that match once, and wasn't really paying attention since I figured it'd be underwhelming compared to the last four WrestleMania matches Undertaker has. I wouldn't be surprised if Punk did, though.   I love when Punk does that. Just like he did at Night of Champions against Cena. His own finishers weren't working, so he was like "Fuck it" and pulled out the most random Rock Bottom ever.   That's actually a very good point. I definitely think that could qualify as a "no-sell."   By the way, I think we can all agree (as if it had to be confirmed) that this cements the fact that Undertaker at WrestleMania is the most credible wrestler of the modern era (in major United States wrestling, at least)?  I can only imagine Hogan and Goldberg as possibly being his equal.   I also wanna say maybe the World's Strongest Slam? But Henry's been around for so long that I'd assume someone has kicked out of it cleanly at some point.   I guess you don't go 434 consecutive days as a world champion with a finisher that doesn't put people down on the first try.  Also, I'm probably missing many instances of numerous finisher kick-outs, so bear that in mind. I listed all that I could think of after research and going off of my own memory.   The Jackhammer should fit that description, but Hogan was forced to kick out during a match in which Kevin Nash was supposed to break up the pin, but was too slow to get into the ring.  If I recall, that is the only time anyone has ever kicked out of the Jackhammer.  Honorable mention to Beth Phoenix's Glam Slam. Only Natalya has kicked out of that move.   This has always been one of my favorite parts of wrestling. Seeing wrestlers kick out of credible finishers, with no/minimal delay between the finish of the move and the pin (due to an incapacitated referee or a wrestler "crashing" due to fatigue after using his finisher).  To be honest, this isn't what it might look like-- a list of the best matches in which one can find at least a single false finish. I intend this to be more about discovering/discussing which finishers are most credible, and/or which wrestlers have the (kayfabe) durability to survive the most effective finishers of the last decade-plus.  This list is going mostly off of memory, with me going back to find video to confirm and make sure I'm right. Others are free to contribute by correcting mistakes on my part, listing occurrences I missed, telling me any finishers you think should be added, or anything else that you feel might add to the thread.  I also included some instances of "No-selling," where a wrestler takes a finisher, and immediately recovers, usually to apply a ground-based submission (Undertaker's Hell's Gate, Lesnar's Kimura Lock, etc). I understand that this is very much a judgment call, so I'll listen to any and all opinions regarding this aspect of this list.  I'll post links to as many videos of each occurrence as I can, but for now, I'll leave it as is until I see how well-received this thread is. I apologize to anyone who might want video of the below instances.  **EDIT:** Thanks for the positive feedback everyone, and the suggestions for entries/moves to be added. I'll definitely try to add everything that was pointed out some time today.  Keep em comin!  **EDIT 2:** Just a request to make things a little easier on my part-- not trying to be too demanding, but it'd help me out a lot if when you guys let me know "[X wrestler] kicked out of [Y finisher] at [Z event]," to provide video if possible. That'll make it easier for me to add it to the listing, and it will confirm it more quickly than me having to look everything up myself.  Suggestions are, of course, still welcomed. In fact, they're allowed.  **EDIT 3:** Undertaker's no-sell of the GTS and Punk kicking out of the Tombstone at WrestleMania have been added, as well as a few others, and some links added.  *****  **Sweet Chin Music:**  * Undertaker:     * WrestleMania 25 (x2)     * WrestleMania 26 (x2)  **Pedigree:**  * Undertaker:     * WrestleMania 27 (x3)     * WrestleMania 28 (x2)     * 2009 No Way Out  * Jeff Hardy:     * 2008 No Way Out  * Brock Lesnar:     * 2012 SummerSlam     * 2012 SummerSlam (no-sell)  * Steve Austin:     * 2001 No Way Out  * John Cena:     * October 19, 2009 Raw  * CM Punk:     * 2011 Night of Champions  **Tombstone Piledriver:**  * Undertaker:     * WrestleMania 27     * 2010 Hell in a Cell  * Triple H:     * WrestleMania 27     * WrestleMania 28  * Shawn Michaels:     * WrestleMania 25     * WrestleMania 26  * Batista:     * 2007 Survivor Series  * CM Punk:     * [WrestleMania 29](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=cN5XVQRyDic#t=1095)  **Stone Cold Stunner:**  * The Rock:     * WrestleMania X-7 (x2)     * WrestleMania 19  * Undertaker:     * 2001 Judgment Day  * Kurt Angle:     * 2001 SummerSlam (x2)  **Attitude Adjustment:**  * CM Punk:     * 2012 Night of Champions (x2)     * 2011 Money in the Bank     * 2011 SummerSlam     * [February 25, 2013 Raw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1201)  * The Miz:     * WrestleMania 27  * Triple H:     * October 19, 2009 Raw     * Triple H, WrestleMania 22  * The Rock:     * WrestleMania 28 (x2)  * Batista:     * WrestleMania 26  * Randy Orton:     * 2009 Hell in a Cell  * Wade Barrett:     * 2010 Hell in a Cell  **RKO:**  * Undertaker:     * WrestleMania 21  * Kane:     * July 22, 2011 SmackDown  * John Cena:     * 2009 Hell in a Cell  * Mark Henry:     * [2011 Hell in a Cell](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=8RqayX0QUEk#t=115)  **Go To Sleep:**  * John Cena:     * 2012 Night of Champions (x2)     * 2011 SummerSlam     * [February 25, 2013 Raw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1294)  * Chris Jericho:     * [2013 Payback](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=jbbt7oplJxU#t=1339)  * Jeff Hardy:     * 2009 Extreme Rules  * Undertaker:     * [WrestleMania 29 (no-sell)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=cN5XVQRyDic#t=1095)  **Last Ride:**  * Shawn Michaels:     * WrestleMania 25     * WrestleMania 26  * Batista:      * WrestleMania 23  * Triple H:     * WrestleMania 27  **F-5:**  * Kurt Angle:     * WrestleMania 19  * Goldberg:     * WrestleMania XX  * Triple H:     * 2012 SummerSlam  **Clothesline From Hell:**  * John Cena:     * [2009 Royal Rumble](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Btn1RwdSsAU#t=917)  **Batista Bomb:**  * John Cena:     * WrestleMania 26  * Undertaker:     * WrestleMania 23     * 2007 Cyber Sunday  **Spear (Edge):**  * Jeff Hardy:     * 2009 Royal Rumble  * Undertaker:     * WrestleMania 24     * WrestleMania 24 (no-sell)  * John Cena:     * 2006 New Year's Revolution  * Chris Jericho:     * 2010 Extreme Rules  **Chokeslam (Kane):**  * Randy Orton:     * 2012 Extreme Rules  * Undertaker:     * 2010 Hell in a Cell     * 2010 Night of Champions     * WrestleMania XX  **KO Punch (Big Show):**  * Sheamus:     * 2012 Hell in a Cell  **Brogue Kick:**  * Big Show:     * 2012 Hell in a Cell  **World's Strongest Slam:**  * Big Show:     * [2011 Money in the Bank](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x12gl4k_07-17-11-mark-henry-vs-big-show-money-in-the-bank_sport start=586)   I feel like maybe "Overly Reliant Earth" would be more accurate.   _ Maybe   Little known fact: You get better acoustic quality with dixie cups. They were actually ergonomically designed for this purpose-- then people just started drinking stuff out of them for whatever reason.  Weirdos.    any way to communicate over distance other than by pony express.   Or two dixie cups tied together by a string.   I really don't wanna be that guy, but seriously? This is basic high-school stuff.   Kid used to bully me in like 3rd grade for no reason. Never forgot his name or what he looks like.  15 years later, I go to get lunch and find out he's a minimum wage slave at McDonald's.  I'm not saying I Success Kid'd in my head, but...   What about the option of using the "Master password" option some browsers have? I've never tried it, but I've seen it while going through my settings.   Exactly. Joyner hosted both shows from 1985 to 1993. Almost 30 years ago.   I'd assume that if it was possible to host both shows from the same place, he'd have done it.      Believe it or not, I couldn't find a clip of that Spear that I felt comfortable using. I don't like using the regular, standard, zoomed-out camera angle. It's a shame that I wasn't able to include it, too-- it's one of his best Spears in WWE.  I tried to make up for it by showing him flattening Christian three times _   He doesn't say anything even close when he tells Neo about the nature of the matrix?   What does he actually say in the movie that this quote is based on?   Looks like your inner Courage Wolf ripped Scumbag Brain to shreds.  Kudos to you, sir.   You're not a fan of Roman Reigns' Spear?      I'm not gonna lie to you, I wouldn't hate it if you updated this thread on how much fun you're having, interesting occurrences, etc.  Not trying to be creepy, but this just piques my curiosity.   [Big Guy. Big Traps.](http://www.wwe.com/f/styles/photo_large/public/photo/image/2013/09/SD_735_Photo_056.jpg)   Black vest screamin "Ryback, I don't fit you!"    "Hey I noticed you sat next to me while being cute."  That right there is an A+ pick-up line.   I don't think anyone's beaten Undertaker three times in a row at all (one-on-one), much less on three consecutive pay-per-view events.  Good insight.      Is there a designated "GIF-making" user on here? If it doesn't get made tonight, I can do it early tomorrow morning most likely.   Because people think they're smart/hilarious when they chant the name of someone's previous gimmick or a wrestler they resemble. It's like a lot of people paid for their tickets to just act like a jackass on TV and maybe watch some wrestling, too. Which is fine; it's their right. But that doesn't mean I have to like it.   But that doesn't mean that other people won't feel like the show is a little tainted. They're not wrong for cheering and booing whoever they want, but it does sort of degrade the show to some people when the wrestlers are trying to stay in kayfabe and the crowd is breaking it all night long.   The fact that he's heel makes him a lot less "Goldbergy" than before. Throughout his entire US wrestling career, Goldberg was a heel for about 4 minutes.   Six years and 364 days later, he lost a one-on-one match to CM Punk on SmackDown (06/22/10).  After the seven-year anniversary of Kane's unmasking passed the next day, he went three months without being defeated, with most of that time coinciding with his reign as World Heavyweight Champion.  Kane broke a mirror, unmasked against his will, and had a horrible streak of losses and bad breaks for the next *seven years*...  Then, as SOON as seven years passed, he went on a very solid winning streak (11 straight wins from the end of June to the beginning of October), and during that winning streak won his first world championship in over a decade.  Coincidence, or an amazingly thorough angle that was never even brought up?  **EDIT:** For those wondering when Kane broke the mirror-- it was a backstage segment right before the match that probably isn't well-known at this point (I probably wouldn't have known, either, if I hadn't found this video on my hard drive one day when I was bored).  [Here's a GIF for those who don't remember](http://3.imgland.net/620vRz.gif)   All I remember is that Ranjin Singh had a jacket that read "THE GREAT KHALI SAYS..." on the back.  I wanted one of those.   "I saw you on the other side of the room, and I'm gonna be honest with you... I said to myself 'This girl is so fine... she is SO out of my league, that I have to say something.' So I'll just ask... could I take you out some time? Maybe for coffee? Nothing too serious. I'd just love to get to know you."  They laugh at the "SO out of my league" part every time.   Gotcha.  Also, to summarize what you said about 3-4 vs 4-3, it seems like 3-4 is better against outside runs (since you get the extra speed with the additional linebacker), whereas 4-3 is good against inside runs, with the two tackles attempting to clog the middle. Is that right?  And for what it's worth, I just noticed that the Patriots' 4-3 pretty much looks like a 3-4. Instead of four linemen in three-point stance and three linebackers behind them, they have three linemen in the 3PS, with Ninkovich and Mayo at the line of scrimmage, flanking the linemen on either side. How should I treat this formation? Could this work similarly to a 3-4?   Also, maybe you could help me tackle this dilemma?  http://www.reddit.com/r/footballstrategy/comments/1nessp/i_want_to_learn_advanced_football_strategy_to/cciemug  **EDIT:** Heh. "Tackle." Football humor.  /Squidward   Haha, fair enough. That sounds pretty good for me, since I'm an offense-first guy (might have been obvious, given the team I use).  One more quick Q-- let's say I see a one-deep safety look, but the defense is actually running two deep safeties. One of the safeties might come down into the box (even though he's still going to play deep), but I should be able to exploit the fact that he's too close to the LoS with deep routes to his side, right?   I always try to apply this mindset: "Don't assume that, since you can't smell you, other people can't smell you."   Quick question regarding position play-- Jerod Mayo is listed as a ROLB in Madden, and Spikes as the MLB. Generally, if I'm gonna run a defense with only one linebacker (like Dime), I'd want my best linebacker on the field, right?  On Pro Football-Reference, both Mayo and Spikes are listed as simply "LB." Would switching their positions and having Mayo at MLB potentially hurt my defense more than it helps?   Is there any way the defense could disguise that type of look to make it appear as if the safety is compromising the weak side of the field, but they actually have the entire field covered (as best as a defense can)?  I guess technically there definitely is a way to disguise it, but how easy is it? Should I expect to see people do this, or are most not knowledgeable enough to do so?    Basically, if the defense is showing one high safety against a pass-heavy formation like trips right, the hole in their defense is likely to be on the left.   But, just to be sure, one high safety could also mean that they have three deep defenders, right? I suppose that's something I have to identify at the snap-- look to see if the other safety and a corner drop back into deep zones as soon as the play starts.   Wouldn't a play with two or three deep zones be better for defending deep throws than just one safety playing deep?   I've actually always thought about that. Generally, a guy can see a cute girl that he doesn't know and try to charm her with small talk, and then ask for the digits. For the most part, worst-case scenario is that she'll respectfully decline, as long as the guy doesn't come off as an ass or doesn't take no for an answer. Most of the time, at the very least, the girl is flattered.  Gay guys don't have that luxury. Straight men aren't flattered by having gay guys make a move on them. Plus, there's no way to tell for sure if another guy is gay, and if you hit on the wrong straight guy (read: probably around 90% of straight guys, because people are stupid and judgmental), you could definitely get into a fight.  That must suck.   I would do this, but I'm trying to stream music to use in NBA 2K13 as Custom Arena Sounds, and it has to either be burned to a CD or streaming from a PC.   This is where my motto of "Fuck you and your happiness" regarding anyone in a happy, healthy relationship comes in handy.   I would use Windows Media Player normally, but it seems to use a lot of CPU power, even when idling (I have an Intel Mobile Core 2 Duo). Can I use a program like Vuze to do this? I only ask because I'm already somewhat familiar with the program.  If there are any other programs that you guys feel might work well, I'm all ears.  Thanks.     I like to use my backs out of the backfield if I see **a single high safety towards trips**  Could you elaborate on this a little? What exactly does that mean (mostly wondering about the "towards trips" part-- I know trips refers to 3 WRs on the same side, and single high safety means one safety deep pre-snap)?  Thanks.   I think I'll just cut out the middle man and use the camera to see at all times      I really hope you don't start talking to mannequins in abandoned video stores.   Will definitely check that out, thanks.   I watch a lot of football, and sometimes it's hard to tell why players make certain decisions. I also watch NFL Playbook on the NFL Network sometimes, even though it can be a little confusing every now and then.  I'll definitely take a look at that link too. Thanks.   First off, thanks a lot for the speedy reply. I'm pleasantly surprised at this. Anyway:   As for alignment, the numbers just refer to linemen then linebackers. A 4-3 is 4 linemen and 3 linebackers.  Yeah, I know that much (I think). Nickel would be essentially 4-3, except the third linebacker is replaced by a cornerback, and Dime replaces the second AND third linebacker with cornerbacks, leaving one linebacker on the field.  That's why I figured counting linebackers could help (IIRC, linebackers always have jersey numbers in the 50s). Two guys wearing 50-something? Nickel. One guy? Dime.  What you said about the nose tackle and identifying 4-3 vs 3-4 is exactly what I was talking about when I said I used to be able to do that. Relaying that information to me is a great place to start, and I appreciate it.  Also, since we're talking about it, when I'm on defense, how do I decide between 4-3 or 3-4, or even Nickel? They're all somewhat versatile formations, aren't they?  I use New England by the way, if that helps. Their linebackers have pretty good size, Jerod Mayo is an absolute beast, and I think Hightower and Spikes have good speed and tackling ability. Plus I have Wilfork on the nose, and Rob Ninkovich is a pretty fundamentally sound LB/DE (if I'm wrong about any of this, feel free to correct me).  So, given my personnel, how should I decide between 4-3, 3-4, Nickel, etc.? Dime is mainly for defending the pass-- I know that much. But between the other three formations I mentioned, which is good for runs, or short passes, or maybe situations where the defense has a ton of options (like 2nd and 5 or 6 maybe)?  If I have any other questions, I'll let you know... if I haven't burnt you out by now. Thanks again.   Beth Phoenix main-evented one Raw towards the end of January in 2011, I think. Can't remember exactly when. It wasn't announced throughout the show as the main event, but it was the last match. Close enough.   The first thing I guess I should do is let you know how much I know about the sport. I'm no newb to advanced football strategy, but I'm definitely not an expert either.   I know things like how to read the safeties pre-snap (one deep means Cover 1 man/zone or Cover 3 zone, two deep means Cover 2 man/zone or Cover 4-- not always, obviously, just mostly). However, **I can't look at a defense and tell you for sure if it's a 4-3, 3-4, Nickel, Dime, etc.** This is especially difficult in Madden, since you can't see the players' numbers pre-snap, so it's impossible to simply count the linebackers and go from there. I'd have to be able to look at the alignment of all the defenders and memorize what each formation looks like in this regard (which I used to be good at, but not anymore).  I'm also okay at identifying zone/man right after the ball is snapped. If the defenders turn their hips to chase the receivers, man. If they stay squared to the line of scrimmage even as receivers run past them, zone. Easy. But at the same time, **I find it difficult to identify (or even make an educated guess of) zone vs man before the snap.** I'm not even sure if this is possible for someone who doesn't play the quarterback position at an organized level, but if it is, I'd love to learn how.  I'd also like to learn things like reading blitzes pre-snap, knowing when to adjust your blocking schemes (i.e., block left/right/pinch/aggressive) before the snap depending on what the defense does, how to adjust to certain strategies during the course of a game, etc.  Would you guys be willing to help me with this? I know a lot of people would probably recommend some of the websites that specialize in teaching this knowledge, but I learn better by actually talking to people and absorbing information through conversation, as opposed to simply reading a generic write-up (not saying they can't be helpful, but I learn better this way).  Thanks, guys.   6-7 minutes with accelerated clock won't get you realistic stats in my opinion. 10-12 should work.  I wish I could play on 15. I like my games to be as realistic as possible, and I hate playing less than the real-life amount of time per quarter. But still, I'm gonna try to manage playing on 10-12.  If I can suck it up and do it, anyone can.   I know this is something that can't be completely identified via statistics, but which stats exist, if any, that come closest to doing so?  Is there a site that shows quarterbacks' completion percentages by distance that the ball travels? I know they have a stat called "Air Yards," which is a measure of how far a QB throws the ball when completing a pass (basically passing yards minus yards after catch), but I don't know if that would work very well.  Any suggestions?   Misread the last word on the bottom caption. Got confused and wondered how having a tiger as a best friend would help me get a job.   I have an Intel Mobile Core 2 Duo processor, and the reason I ask this is because I use WMP to stream music to my Xbox 360. So, ostensibly, the program has to be running the entire time I stream. But the problem is that, even when I'm not actively doing anything in the program, it seems to take up a great deal of my CPU usage.  Is this normal? Is there a way I can mitigate this? Is there another program I can use to stream music and playlists to my 360?  Thanks.   I wipe my ass after I go number one.  I take no chances!      Once saw some guy, who appeared to be Latino, struggling to start his car in a busy intersection.  And by "car," I mean "ride-on lawn mower."  You can't make this stuff up.      Using Windows 7 Ultimate, 64-bit with Comcast internet connected via wireless router.  Every time I run the program, my internet randomly drops for a few minutes at a time, although there are no actual indications. Nothing on the modem changes, my connection status stays the same, and the torrents even keep going. But anything that has to be reloaded (web pages, etc.) will not work (I'll get the same error message I'd get if I turned my internet off).  I couldn't figure out why until someone on this subreddit suggested it might be my torrent program, so I did some testing, and discovered that when the program isn't running, my internet has no problems at all. And when the program *is* running, I get the issues that I described earlier.  Is there anything you guys would recommend here so that I can run my torrent program without compromising my internet connection?  Thanks.    Maybe he just has a thing for making out with unconscious girls, which is... weird.  [:-(](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/1mfyug/i_am_a_somnophiliac_i_have_an_extreme_sexual/)       My soul (waste of 21 grams if you ask me)  They'd have a heck of a time procuring it, I think.   This question came to me earlier today, when I realized that I could probably make at least a few bucks if I sold a miniature collection of rare currencies from around the world.  The reason I would never sell it is because my late mother (whom I was EXTREMELY close to) gave them to me on a business trip when I was 12 (she passed when I was 13). Her job required that she travel globally, and she spent nearly all my life collecting coins and what have you from different countries, because she knew I loved rare currencies.  Every time she left for a business trip, I would cry myself to sleep almost every night because I missed her so much, so she made sure that at least once a week, I got a letter from her telling her how much she misses and loves me. One day, a small zipper pouch came with one of the letters, and it had [this picture](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-UcAUEMTbGcw/UZ0bChxy_xI/AAAAAAAAAtQ/D1YH81lzbN8/s1600/Guess+How+Much+I+Love+You.jpg) on it. It was the last gift I ever got from her, and I cried when I saw it in the envelope with the letter.  I keep it right next to my bed on my table, I never move it, and I never put anything on top of it. Every time I pass the end table, I look at it and smile while holding back tears.  I would never even think about selling it. For any price. Ever.      Garden tools prior to brethren.   The idea is that if you go back in time and change things from the way they were normally, things in the future could be drastically different in a seemingly unrelated way. For example, in Ray Bradbury's "The Sound of Thunder" (I think), one of the characters steps on a butterfly's wing while in the past, and finds that in the "new" present, words are spelled differently, and things like that (presumably because of an incomprehensibly long chain of events).  Wouldn't that apply to going to the past, on its own? Just your presence in the past can alter things. You could leave footprints where there weren't any before, or cover up the tracks of something that *was* there. You could startle a person or catch their attention as you walk by, which keeps them from focusing on what they were doing, which could change their day, which could change the area, which could change the world. Etc.  But characters always seem to say "Don't touch anything, don't move anything, and be as discreet as possible." Not "Man, even just being in the past is probably gonna make the present noticeably different." If I'm wrong about this, feel free to correct me. It's been a while since I've seen/read a work of fiction involving time travel and the butterfly effect.   Was anyone else hoping that TC was a zombie?   If more cats were like yours, this wouldn't be /r/lolcats. It'd probably be /r/pleaseimsorrydonteatmyfacecats    forgets about the other one.  Ha, what a stupid animal. Can't even remember something that happened 10 seco-- ... what are we talking about? Donuts?      User /u/cobalthawk gave me a link to [this website](http://www.jameco.com/Jameco/content/walladapter.html) (and I appreciate it!), but I figure I might screw up and get the wrong one.  As such, I thought maybe the best way to go about this would be to look at the little information sticker on the adapter with letters that are barely big enough to read, and use that information to find an adapter online that I know for sure will work.  Is that possible/plausible? If so, would you guys mind helping me with it?  Thanks.   Nah, no way. Guys don't think about stuff like that generally. You could be shy, you could be sheltered, you could just have had more important things in your life than intimate relationships, etc.  I doubt many people would assume something's wrong with you.   If a guy meets you and is into you and it gets serious, he'll feel like he found a diamond in the rough.  It's a bit of a turn-off for some guys knowing their girlfriend has been plowed by a football team's worth of guys in the past.   But people DO want to date a 31-year-old who's never had a girlfriend but lies about it   http://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/1m0lgc/lpt_request_theres_a_cricket_in_my_house_in_an/  My last nerve packed his bags and left about 3 days ago. I am going to go insane. He's in a corner of the basement (i.e., my bedroom) that I can't reach, and I can't even see him if I shine a flashlight around the general area of the sound.  If this goes on for another 24 hours, I'm going to wake up in a straitjacket.   *(your shot leaves a bullet-sized hole, but doesn't compromise the rest of the shield).*  Good luck if you're having a shootout with a sniper. Or [Bullseye.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullseye_%28comics%29)   User /u/cobalthawk gave me a link to [this website](http://www.jameco.com/Jameco/content/walladapter.html) (and I appreciate it!), but I figure I might screw up and get the wrong one.  As such, I thought maybe the best way to go about this would be to look at the little information sticker on the adapter with letters that are barely big enough to read, and use that information to find an adapter online that I know for sure will work.  Is that possible/plausible? If so, would you guys mind helping me with it?  Thanks.   [Being immortal would suck balls.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Analysis/WhoWantsToLiveForever) I hate kids, but I'll take that choice in a second.     http://www.livememe.com/du9uesh   Why do next week what you can say you'll do next week and then never do it?   I run into this problem a lot on my TV Tropes watchlist.   Well, we don't really have to worry about that. I've given up on women for good. I can live with being literally forever alone.   Nope. Never even got close to getting in trouble. tbqh, I suspect some women really like it. It's like, they're so attractive, that even when they're asleep, I can't resist my urge to have them.  It's actually a lot easier than you might think to ask a woman "Can I do stuff to you while you sleep?" At least once you get to know her and you're comfortable around each other. Usually, once we at least sleep together, she's sorta used to my nighttime tendencies, since I absolutely love to spoon, so of course I cop a feel every now and then during.   I used to. Two, actually (not at the same time). One can't hold her liquor at all (she was my first, regarding this fetish-- it was actually her idea o_O), and another is borderline narcoleptic. She falls asleep in an instant and is an extremely heavy sleeper.  I feel like the universe did me a solid by giving me two women who are so conducive to my fetish. I believe in highly unlikely coincidences, but damn that's lucky.   Really? Did this post really offend someone?  Come on, talk to me. My curiosity has been piqued.   Therapy? For what reason? It hasn't gotten me in any trouble. There are ways to act on this attraction in a legal manner. It's not intrinsically a situation that will always be considered rape (something the first commenter clearly does not realize).   I am black, and I was just kidding. I thought shifty-eyes was the universal Internet emoticon to indicate facetiousness.   Most likely shyness. I've always been worried that the things I like (sexually) would turn a woman off out of weirdness or simply because it's mostly for my satisfaction and not hers.  For example, I love to simply touch up and down a woman's body with my hands, and do nothing more. I could do this all night, without any intercourse or anything else, and be completely satisfied. Of course, if a woman was awake and you literally did that for 5 straight hours, she'd get bored or annoyed.   Whether it's touching them, simply looking, kissing, spooning, undressing, etc.  To be clear, this has nothing to do with rape. Lack of consent is not where the attraction comes from. The attraction, at least for me, mostly comes from being in control without really having to assert oneself (I've always been shy sexually).  AMA. And I meant absolutely anything.  **NOTE:** I did post this a few days ago, but didn't get many responses. Hope a re-post so soon is okay.  **EDIT:** Forgot to add, I'm a 24-year-old male.   Not a loaded question at all, I'm just trying to figure out why we even bother resorting to war at all. I would assume fewer people dying in cold blood over political issues would be better.   I understand the basic concept of diplomacy, but I'm not an expert. Why hasn't it decreased the need for violent wars? Or has it?   Damn, guys. It was a joke.   But Steve Nash was born there, that's the difference. If you don't know who he is, he's [clearly not a black man.](https://si0.twimg.com/profile_images/1191506948/steve-nash.jpg)      So what would the inverse of this be?  "Yes, I realize that I am a dude"?   Because the OP clearly had to go after 15 minutes and run errands, such as snitching to the police, and reading books. smh.   Sellout. _    I see it as a colloquial term of endearment between friends  That's exactly what it is. But for some reason, black culture condemns the use of the word by white people, even if it's clear as goddamn day that it's just a synonym for "friend" or "homie."   This is true (well, kinda-- hispanics are allowed, too).  It's stupid for black people to do it, but it is indeed true. And this is coming from a black man.   Does he have South African citizenship? I assume he'd be considered Canadian.   Thanks, guys!   Just replace "Santa" with "God" (or the deity/ies of any religion), and "getting presents" with "going to Heaven/not going to Hell" (or the equivalent for another religion).  I'm not even sure if this word exists, but I swear I've heard a word or phrase for it before.      Wouldn't the digestion process, especially the stomach acid, kill the prey as well?   I think he's saying the fact that people on the Internet aren't typing at random makes this quote fallacious, since (it seems) that the "monkeys" are being replaced metaphorically by people who use the Internet.  Of course a bunch of people typing coherent thoughts on a keyboard won't produce the complete works of Shakespeare, unless they choose to. This is totally different from the Infinite Monkey Theorem.  I think that's what rasmustrew is saying.   This is actually a really good question. There are two ways around this:  * I can ask for her consent when she's awake, and if she trusts me enough, I usually get the green light. If she says she'd be uncomfortable with it, I accept it and let her know I won't do anything (I tend to stay awake later than my partner at night, and I love to spoon).  * Or, she can fake it. Sometimes they'll wake up, and if I know it's a regular thing between us and she's fine with the fact that I'm doing it, I'll say something coy like "Just go back to slip." You know, half-joking. At that point, she just sighs or rolls her eyes facetiously, and does so. I've been told that when this happens, she actually didn't go back to sleep, and just faked it.  * I've also been told that they've woken up, but without me realizing it, and they continue to pretend they're asleep.  It is, as you inferred, a very tricky paraphilia to manage, but I haven't had any complaints yet.   Anything at all.  Also note: This is NOT a rape fetish. It's not based on a lack of consent. It's based mostly on being in charge without having to assert yourself, and having the freedom to do what you want without your partner finding it weird or dissatisfying (at least for me).   What your brain will tell you: Wallow in it and do nothing.  What you should do: Something you enjoy that can significantly distract you from anything other than the fact that you like doing it.   He said there wasn't a huge problem with PEDs, but guys who played in South America like he did would try to buy cocaine from there since it's cheaper, and then smuggle it into America during the off-season when they came back to the States.  Most got caught.    He said there wasn't a huge problem with PEDs, but guys who played in South America like he did would try to buy cocaine from there since it's cheaper, and then smuggle it into America during the off-season when they came back to the States.  Most got caught.   I've been taking anti-anxiety/anti-depressant medications, and they're actually helping. Good news, obviously.  But it turns out to be somewhat of a lose-lose scenario. When I'm miserable and depressed, obviously that's not a good thing.  When I'm actually somewhat happy (and don't feel like breaking down into a heap and sobbing because I feel like complete shit for damn near no reason), it doesn't last.  Because almost as soon as I start to feel "happy" (I use that word tentatively-- "not cripplingly depressed" would probably be more accurate), I start thinking about my life. I start thinking about how my life isn't really that bad. I start thinking about how I'm having a good day and everything isn't darkness and misery.  Then I start thinking about how all that is going to go away, because eventually, I will die. I'm sure this won't surprise anyone, but I don't want to die. I don't want to not exist. I can barely fathom the concept.  I try to think of life like a plate of your favorite food. You eat it, you enjoy it, and you eventually finish it. But are you sad when it's all gone? No, because you're full. You've had as much as you want. Hopefully, life is like a plate of food, and by the time we finish it, it won't be an emotional burden, because we've done nearly everything we wanted to and won't necessarily find it to be heart-wrenchingly tragic that we will die.  But I'm starting to think this line of reasoning is less and less plausible everyday.  Writing this actually made me feel a little better. But not by much. I'm still in a psychological malaise over the fact that all this is going to be taken away from me eventually.   Sorry for being so late with the answer, but if you still care, he said that the craziest thing he'd ever seen as a pro basketball player happened during a tournament in South America. The winner of the game would advance to the Finals of the tourney, and my dad was on the away team.  My dad was "kicking ass" as he claimed (and trust me-- believe him), and when there was like 2 minutes or so left and his team was up 18, the entire crowd started throwing C and D batteries at the players and officials. And they actually let them finish barraging the players with Alkalines and finished the game.  If you meant the craziest non-basketball thing he's seen, I can ask him that.  	170
 I have auditory hallucinations and delusions of grandeur and paranoia. I basically have voices that are there talking major awful shit about every single thing I do. And during social interaction it distracts me throughout a conversation. But with my diagnosis, I can tell when the voices are not real, it's just really tiring though. The paranoia and grandeur is very tough socially speaking, it has ruined countless relationships so, I don't really bother with it anymore other than at work...And that's made things a little bit more stress free. I am not violent physically or emotionally towards others. I have a strong stance against abuse of all types... but, as far as what I told my Dr. and therapist, it took  a very long time to realize this wasn't normal, as well as being able to admit it to another person. Then they prescribed me Zoloft and quetiapine  	1
 Put me down, human!   Did anyone think of Katara when she said, "If you're man enough"?!   It seems like Lightening bending is a lot more common. In episode 3, wasn't that what Mako was doing in the powerplant? What do you guys think?      Secret Tunnellllll! Secret Tunnellllll!....fuck   What about Suki??   Anyone know how he could possibly be alive? He'd be well into his 2nd century if he was friends with Monk Gyatso...   While she does "lack of restraint", I think her airbending training with Tenzin will help her flesh out her moral values. Airbending is more spiritual in nature, so maybe her core values will be shown as she advances with Tenzin.    Um, lets not forget Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill). He voiced Fire Lord Ozai. Mind fuck?   You know, that would freakin' awesome! I want that to happen now!    It is on a lot of things, but it was clearly brought to attention when the car was shown. For that reason, I think it may have more significance than just being tradition.    This may have been mentioned, but I think we're gonna be seeing Aang again in the Spirit World. This makes me super happy and if we don't see him, I will not be having a good time.    The image is from season two. I was just wondering if Mako, a firebender, is somehow related to Zuko and by extension, Iroh's son.    http://sot.ag/NjcyMjgw/    Actually no. I was thinking of Doc and Shew. haha   18    Hmmm..this reminds me of someone...   For mac. Shift+volume keys gets rid of the obnoxious bleep   Anyone notice the person in the background?   Fuzzy wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy wuzzy ...had cancer?      Put on Spike: Star Wars marathon.   If you knew you were going to die from a terminal illness, who would you want to meet knowing it would be your last chance?      	22
 I am thinking about building my first rig to mine DarkCoin, but I am a little short on space. I have a couple of cupboards but neither of them has any air flowing through them and they have the following sizes:  * 3' by 3'; * 2' by 4'.  The rig will have 6 GigaByte 750TIi's and I am wondering about the heat and noise produced.   The information I have found suggests that the heat will be about 650W. The noise will be about 40 decibels for each card - making a total of about 60 decibels for all the cards and PSU etc. 60 decibels is apparently about the same as a conversation going on about 5 foot away.   The questions I have are:  * Is such a rig still worth building or am I a little late to the party? I am looking at speculation in the longer term (1-2 years) rather than immediate profit;  * Is the noise from such a rig annoying even in a closed cupboard? I am hoping for little more than an audible hum outside the cupboard and no noise in a bedroom 10ft away with two doors in-between;  * Would the heat would be a problem in such a cupboard?  Thank you!     Yea, that is about the same for me as well. I was forced to start trying self employment about a decade ago due to insomnia. I just about scrape by but it is not good. After about 4 days of bad sleep I also have to have an afternoon nap or I am useless.       I haven't tried acupuncture yet but I did do some research into it as I was wondering if the expense could be justified. I wrote what I found out about it here:  https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/imsomnia-and-acupuncture-is-it-worth-the-money/  I won't be trying it just yet but there isn't much you can do with a stubborn problem other that to experiment.   Your sleep pattern sounds a little like mine in that I would get up to 3-4 nights of half-reasonable sleep in a row and then it would suddenly drop out for no apparent reason. I had recently stopped taking Amitriptylene (Elavil) and things got a lot worse. I then restarted the Elavil along with magnesium which I started taking about 3 weeks ago. My sleep pattern hasn't improved much but my mood is far better and I can cope on the sleep I get. I think that the main thing that is working is the magnesium as I never felt so alert on just Elavil. If you haven't tried it then Magnesium may be worth a shot. Use either Magnesium Citrate or Taurate an hour before bed for a couple of weeks. Any extra Mg will pass out through the kidneys so as long as they are functioning OK there shouldn't be a problem. 60 capsules cost about £10 on Amazon so it is an easy and cheap option to try. I am not sure it will work with PTSD but you gotta keep trying things. I think that Mg works mostly for depression of which a secondary symptom is insomnia.  I assume you have spent time with a psychologist/counsellor to work through the PTSD issues, but if not then maybe that is worth a shot as well.  Good luck with the acupuncture, I hope it works for you and I would be interested in hearing the result.    www.housepricecrash.co.uk   Lots of people over there are in a similar boat so you may feel at home. Some are very knowledgeable about the reasons for not buying at the moment. It is a shame that government is doing all it can to support the banks and hock people up past their eyeballs in debt. Good luck.   That does sound very strange for insomnia. Get another doc as advised as your one doesn't sounds very good. Did he give a plausible explanation?   I wish reddit would send an email on comment replies. I have RSS but it is a pain to check for things that often never arrive. Sorry - off topic I know!   If you are never tired until 5:00am then it sounds like delayed sleep phase disorder. Wikipedia has a pretty good description of it if you haven't already read all about it. There is also a good book about treatment called "Reset your inner clock" by Michael Terman. He also produces a clinicians version that probably goes into far more excruciating detail that may be useful. See cet.org for it. It uses melatonin and light therapy to shift sleep patterns and claims to have had success shifting up to 8 hours in some people. He is also developing micronized melatonin which should work in the body the same as human melatonin. Commercial melatonin is far to strong for people with DSPD as it can shift sleep patterns further the next night.   However, if you are tired but just can't sleep then that book probably won't be much use.  I wrote a small intro on DSPD and shifting sleep patterns that may be useful if you don't already know about it:  https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/for-some-the-promise-of-melatonin-is-broken/?cas=true     That's good. The jarring effect is like something out of a horror movie or having your brain stuck in a blender.    If you are an adolescent then be aware that your natural sleep-onset time is probably later than most adults as your circadian rhythms get pushed ahead from when you were a child. Are you trying to go to sleep before you are tired?  If you are smoking weed then are you sure of its purity this time around? It can be cut with all sorts of crap (glass, brick dust, rat poison etc) and some of that may be giving you problems. Also if you are not smoking as much as you used to then one of the withdrawal effects in some people is insomnia.  For aches and pains then I think that magnesium can help some people. Try Magnesium oil and/or citrate from health food stores. It can also help with depression which can be a root cause of insomnia.   However, as aherhjerherhaey you should talk to your doctor if your meds aren't working.   Good luck. It doesn't sound like a lot of fun.  	9
 "A while ago..."   ayy   Nothing has been released that will actually be on the album, as far as I know. Have you heard ["Go?"](https://youtu.be/vIi57zhDl78) I realize it's a collaboration, but still:  It is evidence of her experimenting sonically. *shrug*      Same here. I have found that the medicinal/therapeutic effects also depend on the quality/type of weed, but mostly my mind-state before and during consumption (i.e. if I'm feeling negatively or overtly anxious it's probably not going to be much fun).      I’m sorry…. Hopefully a new build will be out this week to move your experience in a better direction.  On the upside, just be glad you’re not using the just-released Surface 3…apparently 10074 is rather unusable.   I realize they’re of entirely distinct ethnic origins, but your mother and Björk bear some striking visual similarities.   Uhhhh.... Ever read much into the Holocaust?   I my personal experience, tiles are too visually inconsistent--they provide similar functionality to "true" Start menu pinning, but in a package that I just have never warmed up to.  Hopefully somewhere down the line basic Windows 7-style pinning will come back into play, but until then, they'll remain excluded from my Start menu.   NO  	11
 http://youtu.be/YfczJAB-lKk here's the video, [SPOILER ALERT]   I kind of remember this happening in the first movie in the after credits, I would go more in dept but I don't want to spoil the movie   Its after the credits i think, can't remember though   I did not scare her, I did not  Oh hi Mark!   Nope, first [REC] and an enjoyable movie actually, quarantine was awful   "Oh shitfuck i shouldn't have listened to my dad"   So, RoS fixes the flaws of Diablo 3? I got D3 a while ago and played it for a bit BUT deleted it in a rage because of all the flaws it had (been a HUGE Diablo fan from the first game)  Does RoS let you play offline?   (oh sweet baby Jesus let the answer be yes)   Lol, are you mental?   I can hear the angels singing  [heavy breathing intensifies]   I would try this if I weren't a dumbass who would surely die electrocuted   Somebody should add the deal with it glasses to this  	11
 I will definitely get a hold of you by the end of the month! This kinda makes me laugh cause we are close to all the exact same achievements.   Well this was a flop, being the same night as Battlefront night lol   After /r/halo game night sure:)    On H3, I just did a party of 6 for 7onthe7th    So I had been grinding away in Reach trying to get ANY of the achievements I'm missing and decided to take a break from slayer and went to Grifball to calm down. Well, very first match I get in is against a party of four. All of them high ranked, all of them above a 3 year tenure, all of them resorting to poor sportsmanship. Honestly, Reach used to be one of my favorite games but this just absolutely killed it for me.      I just got out of a game of Grifball for some relaxation and all I got was the opposite. I'll post a video so you can see what I mean. But yeah, theres not to many ways you can boost anymore for alot of achievements    I did for 3 Halo 3 achievements but past that, nobody has helped me with anything DLC.   I guess I should clarify achievemental 100%! I could easily get the Halo 4 max but Inheritor and Halo 3 max would take a bit.   CURSE YOU! The first one I think I know in a while, I get wrong. I'm rereading Cole Protocol again lol   Hey all!!! AC here! So since it's Friday and I am entirely free, I will be hosting an ODST Firefight game night! I will open up my party at 7:30-8:00 PM (CST)! Message Troop4921 if you want to join or start a second party if we need to! Send me your videos and pictures if you capture any!:D   VERY excited about the Champions Bundle!   Yeah I kinda figured solo would be 1000x of times easier and no matter how much my friend and I joke, neither of us are true Spartans lol. I think the most badass Spartan-esque thing I have ever done was I beat Pillar of Autumn on Halo Reach Legendary and died twice which was awesome.   lol I think I was trying on legendary with a friend and we figured out, when you die, you respawn with forerunner weapons so its definitely a no-no on legendary   Hey guys! AC here! So, about a month ago, I posted on /r/halo about my summer goal which is to earn 100% in ALL the Halo games(excluding Halo 2 Vista). Well, I decided to update this because I have made SO MUCH progress thanks to alot of you guys! If you helped me earn an achievement and I don't have you listed, please, tell me your gamertag and I will put you on here asap! Here is the list of achievements I am still missing:  Halo 4: The Legend of 117, This is My Rifle..., Bros to the Close, Mortardom, Give Him The Stick, Chief Smash!, Dedicated to Crimson, Bromageddon, 6 Crimson DLC, 4 Majestic DLC, and 2 Castle DLC.  Halo 3 ODST:**Thanks to /u/IKissMyCousin, killerjack0117, VPR Viper** Campaign Complete:Heroic, Legendary, Naughty Naughty, Audiophile, Firefight: Crater, Lost Platoon, Rally Point, Windward, Chasm Ten, Last Exit, Vidmaster: Classic, Deja Vu  Halo 3: **Thanks to Oliver2550, SHAZZY SHERIFF** 42 of 79. Heroic, Legendary, UNSC Spartan, Spartan Officer, 22 Multiplayer, Marathon Man, ALL Par scores, Vidmaster Lightswitch  Halo Reach: 58/69 ALL DLC Achievements if you want to help.  Anniversary:**Thanks to /u/cb33** Dear Diary..., Headhunter, Believe in a Hero, Living Legendary, He's Unstoppable!, This One's for Jenkins, That Just Happened, Speed Reader, Look Out for the Little Guys, Leave It Where It Lay, Popcorn.gif, Wraith Hunter, Tying Up Loose Ends, This Side Up, Never Tell Me The Odds  Halo Wars: Adjudicate the Arbiter, Detour the Great Journey, Crushed Colors, Mr. Punctual, Own Worst Enemy, Wall of Recognition, Epic Grinder, Everythings Better With Bacon, Endless Fun, He's Got The Jack, Rhino Hugger, Micro Manager, Ramblin' Man, Sweet Naptime,The Procrastinator, Handy with Tools, Didn't Get To Second Base, Thinkin' about My Doorbell, Backscratcher, OMG BFF FTW, Playin' the Field, Gallivant around the Galaxy,  Titan, Big Al's Scooter, 2 Bugs are Better Than 1, Penny Pincher, Running the Show, Graverobber, Halo Academic, Halo Historian, Ready for the Sequel, 24 Hours of Quality, One and Done, Pull Hard..., Freak on a Streak, Living Loving Bug, Tour Coming Through, Never Leave a Man Behind, Drain Cleaner, Killjoy   The Flood gives a bit of a more in depth look at it. More emotion is kinda the only plus.   Theres plenty of smaller subreddits that I think don't get enough attention. /r/ODST and /r/UNSC included.   What was THC itself may I ask? Was it like a forum, a blog, or what?    Would someone please fill in a n00b on what THC was and the rivalry between them and Beyond?   Possibly, or nonexistent. I don't know. The code breakers are pretty good about cracking them really quick and finding the codes withing 2-3 weeks of release.   It could but it has its own subreddit for the same reason that /r/UNSC is its own subreddit. Some people have a deeper "passion" for certain aspects of Halo.   Mk. VI I believe? Also, if it was solo, there is a code for even more goodies on Halo Waypoint.   I looked at my Sect. 3 files and I do not think that there is a code for Crimson DLC. I found one on Majestic, Castle, and several other things. I would suggest watching [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjb_6PppG8s) video to see if there are any codes you have missed.      I am x-posting to /r/ODST if you don't mind.   *loudly applaudes* Congratulations!   Depends. If you are going for the information and understanding then go: *Reach *Anniversary *Halo 2 *ODST *Halo 3 *Halo 4  All of which I would do on Normal or Heroic just so you still have fun with it and can focus on the story. If your just playing to see the progression the games have made, play in your order on Heroic with at least one skull on to add a small challenge.   Can we get an update on his status?   I saw "agensed" and noped the fuck off that picture.   Oh he'll be *pushing* Daisies alright.   The shoulder look a bit tight but past that, I have been needing to trim weight anyways. Thankfully, I am getting a job soon so the money won't be *too* much of a problem. Thanks for the answers!   What did you use to make it? Pepakura, fiberglass, foam? How much did all materials cost? How much time? General size requirements.   How much did it cost to make it and would you be willing to sell for ~$50 more than you made it for?   I had bought the limited edition so I got all the map packs for free(ish). I would agree to make the DLC free or reduced and bring back a playlists for DLC only.   Ill help    From what I have heard that is true, that Chief did have a didact's geas(Not sure which one though). Also though, since the librarian looked over human kind in the earliest years, It is highly possible she was able to telepathically communicate.   Are you still working on it? I did it with a friend a while back and I'd be willing to help someone else   How did you steam it?    Gimme gimme gimme   lol I am from Missouri and when I was old enough to understand all that stuff, parent explained it to me. I think its an okay idea. lol jk   [Sauce](http://www.foddy.net/CLOP.html)   GT; Troop4921    I know but still, I wish things like this could be worked out to being lowered just the smallest bit.   Lol, And there are segments that are in person so I understand the 18+ but drinking age in most if not all of America is 21 so that wouldnt be a reason for us.   Agreed. Sorry all!   There was a post a bit back that had their site up on it. I can try and find it again.    I even said,  "Imagining if I was my character," By that I meant, if it was in real life and I was my character, then blah blah blah.   They converted a video of mine like two weeks ago. They should still be up   What would be in the way of rewards? Im hoping nothing cause then people become competitive and will do anything to win. and if there are rewards, make it like a reddit title or just something non-tangible.    Alcohol. At an online tournament?   Okay, I can understand not letting squeakers on but at least let it be 16+! The one thing that agitates me is the fact that I cant participate in these tournaments that I would love to do and not being old enough.   Fallout 3. Imagining if I was my character, dodging bullets incoming from super mutants a block up the road as I scoot behind a Jersey Barrier. Slowly lifting my assault rifle over and blind firing, hearing one yell out in pain as I vault  over and fire into his chest. I dead sprint straight forward, jumping in the air, screaming out a battle yell, stabbing a combat knife into its head. Yeah, Fallout 3.   Sweeney Todd;D Immediately go to New Vegas, get Figaro from the barber for the King, sneak kill Benny. Live the rest of your life Brahmin farming and making pies.   Number one thing that aggravates me about tournaments is that you have to be 18+. GAH.   Thats exactly what it was!    Im assuming an ingame logo. i will tell you soon    If you get fifty points will you please do it. Set the eggs on fire. Like, make it the worst thing possible.  	57
 What events transpired during your stay in Asia? Did you have any interesting or meaningful experiences? What did you spend a decade doing there? I'm glad you turned your life around by the way, and now you have a badass backstory!    The importance of parameters...   People actually do that. I'm one of them, it's always been a habit. It's said to build your immune system because you're ingesting a tiny amount of germs each day and your body builds resistance to it :D I can attest to that, because I rarely get colds or the flu and such even when everyone around me is sniffly and miserable.    I kind of do, mine consist of immense pressure in my eyes and it hurts to move them, sometimes I get sharp pains behind my right eye.    I have a small voice, so I constantly get talked over. It's disappointing when you have something to say and  realize that nobody's even looking at you, or even listening to you because someone else apparently had something more interesting to contribute to the conversation.   Omg I stayed up all night playing video games, lol my insomnias really bad   Republicunts sounds like a kickass band name.   You are not alone.  	8
 Even then, it wouldn't be harassment unless the person in the picture was contacted and harassed.    Banned to keep people safe?  Unless you waltzed in there to check out the pictures, you never would have seen anything from it.   Yeah, but Germany is civilized.   Where do you see feminists bitching about this?   Since the leave isn't anywhere near your normal salary (even in countries where the government helps to shoulder the costs) and babies cost a fortune, you'd be broke in no time if you did this.   The woman shoulders the burden until birth. Then it's only a social problem. The woman could easily return to work after recovering and the man stay home with the baby if that's how people wanted it.  In fact, stay at home fathers are growing in number.   America isn't developed though, you see.  This is a very big deal to us.   The leave isn't anywhere near your normal paycheck (even in countries where the government helps shoulder the costs) so it isn't a very good incentive to have kids.  Not to mention the birth rates are going down even in countries that have mandated leave already.   Higher taxes on the wealthy to pay for things for the good of society isn't just European rhetoric.   Eisenhower did it in the 50s. Marginal taxes on the rich were 90%.   If what other countries have done is so impossible for America, we really should give up that #1 status we so love to claim.   I'm fine footing the bill for social services I can use.   Sanders isn't European. He wouldn't be taking his views "back" anywhere as he's American.   Some guys fuck their cars. I bet Jefferson fucked his plow.   Wasn't there a type of slavery where slaves were given a task for the day, and once it was completed, they could grow their own food, keep their own chickens, etc? Task slavery or something, I think it was called.  Of course, this was by no means the norm.   People pay a lot of money for farm animals today, but they're never abused. Right? Right?   We don't even allow the most mild forms of female circumcision (even pricking the clitoral hood with a needle to symbolize circumcision is illegal) for Muslim parents, so there is a path already.   http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf+html  Doctors from several different medical associations published this in response to the AAP's stance that circumcision is beneficial.   There's also the fact that in Germany, Sweden, Denmark, etc medical associations backed attempts to ban the practice on children.   I'm anti-child circumcision, even for religious reasons.  I don't feel Jews should get a pass. I'm all for religious freedom, but your freedom ends where someone else's body begins.   Nicholas Cage.    Yes, the courts may demand a man pay child support (if they can find him), but that doesn't mean he will pay child support and ultimately he is still given the choice of whether or not he wants to deal with the pregnancy.  That choice isn't really real, since skipping out on child support can lead to loss of property and a great deal of jailtime.   As a woman, I feel a lot more privileged when it comes to this situation than men do. No one can force me to care and pay for a kid I don't want. That's why I support financial abortion for men.  Of course, I also support full abortion rights for women, universal healthcare and childcare so children are cared for too, etc.    If we had universal child care and health care and a better public education system and guaranteed basic income, we could do away with child support laws.  I believe in "financial abortion" for men, but I also believe we should have all of these things, like many countries already do.   I support the idea of financial abortion for men so they have more options. Look up that concept if you're unfamiliar with it.  However, he still doesn't own the woman's uterus and should have no say in whether she aborts or not. Her body, not his.    I'm all for giving men for options (I am for the idea of financial abortion) but a woman's uterus is her business, and she should be able to abort no matter who doesn't want her to.   When I worked at Wendys, we had to throw away all uneaten food. Weren't even allowed to grab a fry.   Whose Line is unpopular? To who?  1988-1998 series has a 8.3 on IMDB.  1998-2006 a 8.7.  The 2013 series has a 8.6 so far.  It's very popular outside of Reddit. It wouldn't have been brought back twice if it weren't.   I'd like to mention here that one of the early signs of a disturbed person is the torturing of animals. It's certainly connected.   If basic human decency for a creature that can feel suffering doesn't sway you, how about the fact that antibiotic resistant diseases due to overuse of antibiotics are becoming a problem?  Factory farmed animals live in such dirty and bad conditions that they're given antibiotics to keep healthy. The FDA says that out of all antibiotics sold for use by people and animals in the USA, livestock use 80% of them.   Keep animals in clean and healthy conditions and you don't have to pump them full of drugs.   A vaccine can be for either viruses or bacteria.   Some states have a law that if your windshield wipers are on, your headlights have to be on.   I once pulled out in front of someone because a) it was barely dawn, b) it was raining heavily) and c) they didn't have their headlights on.   I didn't see them at all. They honked their horn and cursed at me.   ER services always have to be performed, even without insurance. But after that? You can be denied medical care for lack of insurance, yes.   I was denied a procedure that burned precancerous cells off my cervix for a time just because my insurance didn't want to pay it.  http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2009/09/new-study-finds-45000-deaths-annually-linked-to-lack-of-health-coverage/  One study found that 45,000 people a year die in the USA from lack of insurance, and uninsured Americans have a 40% higher chance of death than insured Americans.      Maybe it's because I'm poor, but I consider $52 to be an expensive gift.   My sister broke her leg and needed surgery. She had $5K to pay after insurance. Just for the surgery, not counting the ER visit, physical therapy, etc.   $44? A visit here can easily be in the hundreds if you don't have insurance. Hell, sometimes even if you have insurance.     Wages haven't been keeping up with the cost of living for decades. Sort of hard to plan for the future when you can't survive today.   SJWs have said this is dangerous for women to do because then the man may attack them.   I'm not asking for advice, just if someone knows anything about the pill.   I think you broke one of Askwomen's silly rules:  No excluding groups of women based on demographics.      I had Spike. I was disappointed.   I don't understand.   Yes. Generally, if one spouse makes a lot more than the other, that person pays alimony.   This entire system needs fixed. It wasn't okay when it was happening to men, and it isn't okay when it happens to women.   "He took the house, half my pension, half my salary - and, what's worse, the children," she says.  Funny...many feminists didn't consider it an issue when that was happening to men after divorce.  Really, the whole divorce system needs an overhaul. Men (and women) shouldn't be screwed over in a divorce for their spouse.   Northern countries don't see a lot of sun in the winter, which greatly increases the risk of depression and suicide. They generally see the sun go down at 4:00 in November, before 3:00 in December and January, and 4:00 in February.     This sort of thing makes me glad my depression hit long before puberty. My very real illness might have been overlooked as teenage angst.    And yet they complain about (the very real issue of) the number of men who commit suicide compared to women.   Bruce Jenner after having some form of sex-reassignment surgery.   How do you know that?   No excuse for this.   I'd do this if I had the money to move.   I haven't even heard of this.   Sanders is pushing for a Scandinavian style system. No one is dying there.   Sanders is a Democratic socialist, which is different from socialism.  Democratic socialism can exist with capitalism.     it was more of an appeasement and corralling measure.  AKA: politics   Yep. And the character usually dies from it.  I'm an avid OTII player.   Criminally negligent homicide would be more accurate.   Parents should be charged with child endangerment.    Even babies get erections.   The things they do to avoid work are more work than what they're trying to avoid.   Is there even one dress code rule girls have that boys do not?   I am sort of nervous because I know I'll probably start crying right away. What do they ask you?   I put my 18-year-old cat to sleep in March.  Hun, I feel your pain.   Sort of off topic, but what is with liberals and their obsession with taxing churches?  Because they take in millions a year? Because they use the roads, the police, and the fire departments?   Wages haven't kept up with the cost of living.  Seeing a doctor is outside of my means, but sometimes I have to do that.   My boyfriend bought a used Iphone over Ebay.  So clearly, he isn't poor!   Taxes are higher in many European countries, and they don't seem to have the issues poor Americans do.   I've been voting for 8 years.   There are other countries than that.   Austria, Brazil, Malta, Scotland (for some elections), Argentina, Bosnia, Germany (for some elections), and a couple US cities have a voting age of 16 for local elections.   Many countries already have a voting age of 15-16 and it hasn't seemed to have done them any harm.   Many countries already have voting ages at 15-16, and it hasn't seemed to cause them any harm.   I am taking accounting classes.   Oatmeal is a type of porridge.    I am an office aid. I make $8 an hour.   The sad part is that many MRAs are invalidating real issues men have with their BS.   America might be the worst place in the developed world to be poor.   Is it that fucking hard to put AT LEAST $20 a paycheck into a savings account?  I just got a $800 medical bill. Yes, it is.   A car isn't a luxury.  I need my 1996 Subaru to get to work and class.    Live and budget by deducting 15% from your paycheck as savings.  I make minimum wage. lulz   Try that on minimum wage or just a little more now.   "Just manage the money you don't have better."    the 70.7% who drank alcohol in the past year, or  One glass of alcohol in a year hardly shows a habit.     1) A 1996 Subaru  2) A laptop I got for Christmas and a $20 MP3 player  3) I don't like coffee   I have none of that.   As a college student, eating food that isn't Ramen is out of my means.   Yes.   Yep...that's me.   Women in Israel and Norway can answer this question.   If you can just snap out of depression, you didn't really have depression.  You were just down for awhile.    That's younger than 13 weeks.   China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.  So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China.   China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.  So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China.   China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.  So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China.   Yep.    It would be like showering with my Dad when his dong is out.  I used to shower with my dad when I was little. One day I tried to grab his penis (first time I noticed it, I guess) and that ended our showering together.   If that had been my kitten, I'd be on one of those "children who murder" TV shows.   I use baby wipes after wiping with toilet paper, but I throw them in a trash can with a lid.  It's never smelled.   You can support the 2nd amendment and still be for placing restrictions on it.   That's like saying you aren't really supportive of the 1st amendment unless you support someone's right to lie in a court of law as free speech.    That would be common sense gun restriction. We *used* to have that ban in fact, and Americans still enjoyed plenty of guns.     None. I was a very boring kid and teenager.   Sorry, I'm just scared shitless of causing someone to wreck into me.   I copied and pasted Bernie's voting record on guns and added my own comment at the end.   Drugs.  As someone with severe anxiety and depression, I need drugs just to function. Sleep is one of these things.   I'm sure that none of the stories there actually "happened". Even if they did it's a drop in the ocean compared to the real domestic abuse suffered by women.  Because someone has to actually beat you up severely for it to be real abuse, right?   Your class can include everyone you graduate with, not just the people you take actual classes with.   Not saying this BS story is true, but using both words class and cafeteria doesn't disprove it.   It seems like it really could be related to anxiety, and I have it bad.  Okay, to explain the concept, let's say that the color red upsets me, and I want to try to forget about it for a little bit to give my mind a break. Let's see what I can do to take my mind off of it.  Listen to music? Okay. But the song I was listening to mentioned a clown, and they have red noses. Back to thinking about red.  Browse the internet with grayscale on? Well, I saw a picture of a picnic table in an ad, and my elementary school had a red one.  Eat a sugar cookie? The last cookie I had was an MM cookie, and some of those were red.  Anyone else deal with this insanity that makes it impossible to get any real mental rest? Of course, it's more complicated than being bothered by a color, but that's the basic gist of it.  Oh, and if it's relevant, I take Wellbutrin, Lexapro, and another fast acting pill for anxiety that I can't remember the name of daily.   Why does it matter whether it's state or federal? It's still a government benefit.   Voted YES on allowing firearms in checked baggage on Amtrak trains. (Apr 2009)  Voted YES on prohibiting foreign  UN aid that restricts US gun ownership. (Sep 2007)  Voted YES on prohibiting product misuse lawsuits on gun manufacturers. (Oct 2005)  Voted YES on prohibiting suing gunmakers  sellers for gun misuse.  (Apr 2003)  He's hardly a "gun grabber".   So should we disband the fire departments and police? If your house catches fire, you're on your own?  Because that's a government benefit.   The Swedish Medical Association calls for a ban. The Danish College of General Practitioners calls for a ban. The Australian Medical Association said they'd support a ban. The German Medical Association is in agreement. I had an entire list but that's what I could remember off the top of my head.   The foreskin isn't a birth defect or a vestigial organ.   Foreign medical professionals are largely against infant circumcision though. None of them are against vaccination.   Many medical associations even supported banning the practice when the idea was being thrown around Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, etc.  http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf+html  And here is some literature written by several doctors from all over the world protesting the AAP's stance that circumcision is very beneficial.    It's largely Muslim as well. In south east Asia clitoral hood circumcisions are considered religious.   Male circumcisions in Nigeria are performed under the same dirty conditions female circumcisions are with poorly designed tools.   You still can't guarantee it's safe if you do that.   Hell, Africans can do that too, but they still don't have access to safe water. That's the entire point of it being a human right.   College isn't just for training for a job. That's what trade school is.   Ah, never been too good at math.   (a+b)(a+b)  Right?   Beer hasn't been declared a human right by the United Nations.   And all this is happening while people look down on those going to school to study history.   They're very popular in other countries. That's why McDonalds workers in Europe can get $10/hr.   I disagree with almost everything you just said (except for rap music, I think it's shit. But I don't feel that it's to blame for the problems in the black community) but I don't feel the need to stalk your comment history and bitch about it.  That's the difference between normal people and BRDs.   My boyfriend enjoys being pegged by me without the need for feminism.   But if a man has a vagina now, isn't he a woman socially?     What about the Descent? Pretty sure that's only been called horror.  	126
 I completely relate to this. However, no one should get away with abuse; the sex of the person should not matter.    I hate the chase, also. It's the main reason I am currently single. Gender roles have communicated the idea that men are always supposed to be the chasers and women are always supposed to be chased. Chasing after someone who continuously runs away from you is tiring.    She knew that she was hurting me but I couldn't see it. She broke up with me to protect me from getting hurt even more; eventually, i realized that she was right   I don't even have words for this    The First Days of Spring by Noah and the Whale   Another's Arms    My dad starts yelling when anything sex related comes on tv. Needless to say, my family strongly avoids the topic    A rhino   I'm on Luvox as well and I can confirm. Luvox makes me want to sleep all day. It's also really difficult to wake up    I'm currently in ERP. It's so difficult because you have to flood yourself with those thoughts. You have to remember that you don't actually believe those thoughts are true.     Anaconda by Nicki Minaj    Correct   I just looked. For science. Not the prettiest thing in the world    In real life, I rarely mention Reddit. Reddit is my space to engage in discussion without having any judgment (or at least, sometimes). However, I think if someone who knew me in person were to look at my comment history, they could definitely determine it was me.   What do you think, AskMen? Do you give out your username to friends? Do you think it would be easy for people who know you in person to find you on Reddit?    When I was a baseball player, my team had this exact same discussion. We were split half and half, also.   I wipe sitting down. Your cheeks are already spread, therefore, it's the easiest way. If you wipe while standing up, you definitely are smearing feces around.    ISTJ checking in here   It's a tie between the two:   1) Girls often compliment me on my eyes and eyelashes. I've been told I have pretty eyes  2) My ex girlfriend said that when I sleep, I burrow into my pillow and hold it tightly    Someone paying all of my student loans    I don't understand why everyone dislikes this record. Although people may have been expecting better, I think Drake really constructs a cohesive narrative on this record. The whole album feels as if he is telling his story of life in Toronto.   My favorite tracks include: Energy, 10 Bands, and Madonna    I'm not an activist but I definitely do support Men's Rights. Similar to the way that I support Women's Rights. I think everyone should have rights. Does that make me an egalitarian? Maybe.   Both groups definitely have extremists: MRA has misogynists and Feminisms has the "I drink male tears" women. However, neither of these define the group. My issue is when people identify with the group without fully understanding the movement. For example, most women who people would call "feminazis" do not realize that feminism advocates for equal rights for men, too.   Ultimately, I consider myself a supporter of Men's Rights, but not an activist.    My heart is tired of the mind games that girls play   you and me both   After reading the comments in this thread, I noticed that most people have commented about mothers who were overbearing or manipulative. However, what about mothers who walked out on their sons or who are negligent?   I have a habit of choosing women who are similar to my mother or father; I don't have a good relationship with either of them. I love my mum but she was not there for me, emotionally. Consequently, I tend to choose girls who are emotionally absent. However, I will agree that approval seeking is a big piece of this.    Thank you for the advice. I actually did pretty well grade wise during my first semester, despite everything that is going on. I am nervous that it may effect my performance.   It seems as if support has been vital for you, so I will try to take your advice.    I just started talking to people about my feelings within the past two years. Most people don't know I have depression because I severely mask my feelings. My best friend believes I've been depressed for years, but she never said anything. Anyways, here is the problem.   I've been diagnosed with OCD, but I've also been diagnosed with clinical depression. I feel as if I'm sinking into this pit of quicksand and I cannot do anything to stop it.   * I go to counseling, but I don't feel as if I'm getting anywhere * My sleep is becoming progressively worse * I'm extremely exhausted all of the time. I have huge bags under my eyes, so I'm surprised no one has noticed.  * Constant headaches * I have zero focus, which is bad because I'm in grad school * I don't have a strong support system  * I'm starting to feel like a burden to the friends who know about my depression   Ultimately, I feel as if there is nothing I can do to help myself.  Suggestions or advice?    This happens to me all of the time and I hate it   I've seen him twice * 1) Battle Studies tour * 2) Born   Raised tour   I only drink once a week, but I normally have somewhere between 6-8 drinks in the span of two to three hours    My ideal self would have the following qualities:   * Established career * Longer hair * Maintain fitness, ideally 10% body fat (last time I was measured, I was at 11% body fat) * I hope my extra skin tightens soon from my weight loss * I want to dress well for my age * More tattoos * Drives a 2014 Camaro, or some other nice car * I want to be less of an emotional wreck  * More defiant   My ex girlfriend once asked me how often do I drink alone. I didn't want her to think I was an alcoholic.    Get out of my head   Cry   Fap. Sometimes, simultaneously  Seriously though, I listen to music that expresses how I'm feeling.    I can sing, well; I don't mean this in a pretentious way, either. Most people don't consider this to be manly but I really don't care. However, most women enjoy a man with a voice.    Dye my hair blonde    I have not done one, but I would be down for trying it.    My favorite hoody is from Adidas. It's very lightweight, but simultaneously warm.    My parents did beat me. Their parents beat them. It's a generational thing. I still don't approve. I don't think beatings accomplish anything. If anything, it just taught me how to avoid punishment.   I am not going to beat my children, when/if I am fortunate enough to become a father. My kids will learn that there are other ways to talk besides using your hands.    If you are experiencing itching, you should try washing your asshole. Most people don't think to do this, however, it's no different than washing other parts of your body.    Lately, It's been ["Kids"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLxxxXsHXZM) by Childish Gambino. I could listen to that song all day and not grow tired of it. The song just keeps me in a good mood.    I normally poop three to four times a day:   1) First thing in the morning 2) After I eat breakfast 3) After lunch 4) Sometime in the afternoon   I have already been diagnosed with OCD   Depression. I was just wondering if anyone had similar experiences.   I've had many bad things done to me by women; this is part of the main reason I have trust issues when it comes to women.   I've been sexually harassed by a girl at a party (and that's the least of it). However, I won't talk about all of the things that have happened because I'm told that men are supposed to like any and all attention from women; even if it's forced. The sexism part is that men aren't victims of dating violence.    I feel your pain bro   When my OCD first started, it began with scrupulosity. I believed that my soul was under attack by the devil. I also believed that my intrusive thoughts were demons. In order to fight this, I believed my compulsions were my method to fight these demons. I also believed that demons were trying to possess me, I had missed the rapture, and I was fighting this religious war.   Thinking retrospectively, I am pretty sure I was delusional.   Has anyone with OCD had any similar experiences with delusions or hallucinations? If so, could you tell me a little about your experiences? I have started to do research and I would love to hear about your stories.    Why?    literally this.    I will never forget her *Two and a half years with some on and off *16 then, 23 now *I learned to live my life without her *Definitely changed my outlook on relationships *We tried being friends but it just doesn't work    More like mini nightmares   I'm not proud of this, but I have been in two emotionally abusive relationships.   Emotionally abusive people are not completely bad or good; this is the reason it's hard to recognize the abuse at first. In my experience, my ex girlfriends were very manipulative and controlling. I felt as if I was trapped. There was nothing I could do that was right. I was always the blame. I had to walk on eggshells and try not to piss her off, or else I would be punished. I could not even voice my opinion or try to stand up for myself because she would claim that I was emotionally attacking her. I felt helpless.    Both times, I ended the relationship because I could not take anymore. I tried to give them a chance, hoping that they would change. They did not. Emotional abuse really damages a person, years afterwards. Counseling helps, though. The best way to make it right is to acknowledge what you have done and apologize. I will never receive an apology from either ex, because they truly don't believe they have done anything wrong.    Thank you! Same to you!  I worked out 5-6 times a week. 30 minutes of weight training and 40 minutes of cardio. Also, I significantly altered my diet    Woah there. I'm not trying to brag, I was just wondering if I was average now. I lost 40 pounds within the past year. I used to be fat.    This completely resonates with me. I think you just have to surround yourself with people who are more open minded about that sort of thing. My friends have been those open minded people for me. We will give each other hugs and hold hands. It doesn't mean that we want to fuck. We are just brothers showing our appreciation for each other.    I'm just wondering what is the average shirt size. I used to wear an Extra Large a year and a half ago, but now I wear a Medium.   Thanks!   Views From the 6  	54
 I like that advice ♡    Yeah I have heard that. I just couldn't afford to at the time. Nah, I don't.  	2
 To elaborate, the younger generations of this world will have their entire online histories, and therefore, practically the history of their lives, owned by corporations. For example, all their Facebook posts about life events, all their comments and opinions on websites, all their communications with others, will be stored to some degree. When they grow up and some of them run for presidency, or apply for a top position at a multi-billion dollar company, or become famous for activism and such, this history will be documented forever, and can be brought up, and can be used to condemn them.  What can this suggest for the future? Will people become more honest and open with their history? Will people try to cover up their histories by paying corporations not to release it? Will society just accept that people are not in their best minds on the internet, and ignore it? Or is online history not all that important in the end? Or, will people demand that the history of important candidates and people be public so that society can gauge what kind of person he/she really is? In addition, where can this go from here? Will medical records, marriage papers, police records, etc. be available online as the world becomes more digitized, and be used for the same purpose?    Well, since you live in California, if you could make the trip to SF, you could visit the California Academy of Sciences (amazing place for kids and adults alike), or the Tech Museum in San Jose, NASA Ames in in Bay Area, the Natural History Museum of LA, the Gateway Science Museum in CSU. I would suggest Googling centers nearby.   	2
 i like chilling on pokemon showdown, and they have other smaller servers and i can get a custom avatar on those, so i'm wondering if anyone could make a White Walker 80x80 trainer sprite png?  Also i tend to mess up on subreddits a lot, so i apologize if this is the wrong subreddit to ask.      well hot damn...       **No Rules Except Reddit Rules**   **Just Rant and Rave About How Excited You Are About Whatever**   **kthnxbye.**               Note: I'm only 17, my parents probably won't purchase things like After Effects, and I got Sony Vegas from this thing on YouTube that shows you how to get it free. I've also tried to get After Effects and Photoshop free but it doesnt work ;~;   alright, well I'm complete noob to all this stuff, I'm only good for making little sports mixes and all that easy stuff, what I would like to know is.  * Can Sony Vegas (Pro 13 if it matters) do this cool VFX stuff I'm seeing you guys post? * Is there a program that's free that allows me to do all that cool VFX stuff? (If Sony Vegas can't) * Are there any tutorials you would recommend me watch?  Hopefully, this kind of post is allowed here, if not please direct me to the right subreddit to ask.  EDIT: the word "stuff" counter: 4 times :P    The Trade:  * Cavs get Iman Shumpert(NYK) and JR Smith(NYK) * Thunder get Dion Waiters(CLE) * Knicks get Lance Thomas(OKC), Louis Amundson(CLE), and Alex Kirk(CLE)  Knicks also waived Samuel Dalembert.  Thoughts on this, will we have to make change to compete with them next season?   well alrighty then.... ._.            wow, I've always loved watching video edits and things like that, and I got into making little sports mixes on youtube, but I've always been interested in VFX and how it works, im only 17 so idk if my parents would pay for software to edit like that, I was able to get Sony Vegas Pro 13 for free online, but anyways, I just want to say what you posted has definitely inspired me to really give vfx a chance, is there any free software that allows me to do this, and also any recommendations on books or youtube videos on how to learn vfx?   Sony Vegas Pro 13   didnt watch the game today :\   how did the fans welcome granger? any videos of it?   Jennifer Lopez who? Halle Berry who? You look amazing for your age!  I rate 11/10   Dat ass   lol   I'll be so pissed off if this show ends, I love Bella Thorne(plus shes hot), because of this show I like Astro after I thought his X Factor performance was cheesy. I was really liking how Leo and Kara were turning out after their relationships ended or whatever you want to considered it, and I really want to know what happened to Emma.      (P.S. Dr.Naday's accent is cool as hell.)   Stuck, Scola, Mahinmi(or Sloan), 2 draft picks for Lance i'd take it, but it looks like he gonna go to Brooklyn ;~; i miss you Lance.            preferably one track, but if you need to put a Top 3, Top 5, that's fine too.      My Favourite is [February Confessions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m7gMKLMkqE)...The Instrumental is soooo good, and his flow is nice.               Right [here](http://images.rapgenius.com/72181c67bf2cbfcfb0509e89e6d821c9.500x253x45.gif)     	34
 Happened to me once earlier - assuming you're playing on the client, close the whole thing and try reopening it, that worked for me.  	1
 Thank you :) i decided to get my bum out of bed, danced wildly around my flat whilst cleaning. That made me feel a little better, seeing everything all clean and where it should be.  IVF scares the shit out of me, and i know i'm nowhere near ready for it, but there is a huge waiting list, i don't know how long it is though. That's the thing about infertility it's just a fuck tonne of not knowing anything and it drives me insane   It's on my list of things to watch, but unfortunately when i feel low i turn into megagirl 300 and like to watch fluffy things like new girl and the mindy project, people are always mixed about supernatural, so i've put it off for a while, but i did that with the first season of game of thrones and breaking bad. It was epic having a whole season to watch though, i like to power watch things.   hehe! sexy, beautiful and handsome (no-homo i assume?) but always good to have some hunky eye candy, this makes me want to watch it more....   That made me smile the biggest smile! i often dream about being in the truman show (god damn that film) but i like yours way better. Also, should i give supernatural a go?  I think i'd be more a new girl show if i was a show.  Thanks for your reply, it genuinely cheered me up a bit   I would say your parents may feel some guilt, and it makes them feel bad so they attack. Because they don't want to be made to feel bad about something they can't fix. They are your parents, it probably kills them to see you so depressed, they are probably struggling with it a great amount. They are trying to help by paying for treatment, but can't do anything first hand. I suffer with severe depression, i've tried to commit suicide 3 times, so i can understand where you are at this time. I know that i push people away, and i get angry at them, when they are trying to help and it can make them say mean things to me. I think you have to both learn to give each side a break, they need to give you a break because you're depressed, everything is harder, everything is pressure, even having to communicate with people is hard, but also, see how hard it might be for them? seeing you so low, not being able to help and having you lash out because you're confused and anxious and depressed. Depression, i personally think is one of the hardest things us humans can try to understand. I mean, i don't know you're parents or you, but i'm just trying to help a little, i'm always here to chat if you need, you can send me a private message at any time, even if it's just to say you're feeling really shitty. I'm a good listener :) i really hope you feel even the tiniest bit better soon 3 x   Don't worry, i'm not going to do anything stupid. But i have, and it scares me how easily i can start thinking about it again. I just wondered what other people did to help them? what steers you away from thinking dark thoughts? what helps you stop the thoughts in their tracks, if anything?  I turn music up as loud as i possibly can, and dance wildly around my flat, i mean legit wildly, hair flailing, hips like Shakira (in my mind)    I need a little help today.   Thank you, I am getting counselling, i have suggested joint counselling for us both, mainly just so he could understand me and the situation better because he says he doesn't. But he said no, and wants to try having fun and going out again instead.   With the NHS and how it works, i could only see my first therapist for 6 sessions, then they decide if you need further help or if you're better. When i tried to kill myself she was one of the first people i told, and she referred me to the mental health team, who i would them see. She was just so lovely, and she'd give me a hug when i was leaving. I miss her :(   I phoned my local mental health team, they asked me why I hadn't called before and i cried so hard i couldn't hear them and they couldn't get a single word out of me. So, i've got an emergency appointment next Thursday at 1.30pm. She said that even though the anti-depressants would be helping, she said being told that it would be recommended we have IVF and that my partner is infertile is really hard news to hear and that i may need something different now to help, it's a lot for a tiny pill to deal with.  I try and talk to my partner about how scared i am, about hearing that he's infertile etc and that i'm so scared of the fact that i won't ever conceive naturally, here in the UK you're entitled to IVF once, we wouldn't ever be able to afford it, so i've also had to come to terms with the fact that we will probably only have one child, at most. I try and tell him and he turns on the 'happy machine' and tells me everything will be fine, we might even conceive naturally, the results could have been wrong. I'm fed up of hearing it all though, it's all bad news and i should be allowed to deal with that, to come to terms with the fact i won't have a child naturally and only have one. I should be allowed to be sad and angry, It makes me more angry and upset that he doesn't understand that.   I also suggested couples counselling, or something along those lines to help, i told him i didn't think he understood what's going on or anything and it might help, but he said no, said all we needed was to go on dates again.  He doesn't really think anything i say or suggest is a good idea.   I know that he wants what's best for me, but he gets these ideas or reads what is best for someone or gets advise from his friends and that's it, it's in his head like concrete, no matter what i say. I tell him ways he can help, like helping with cleaning or doing something like i love, but he's so stuck in his ways, i'm his first long term girlfriend and so everything is alien to him, still. It makes me feel alien, i ask him to help with the house in every way i can, nicely, i sit him down and talk to him, i get upset and cry, i order him to do it, i shout and scream and call him names, nothing works and then i'm the monster who has called him names and then he's down for a few days, doesn't help because he's down because i've shouted at him, and we go around and around in this circle. I don't know, maybe we're just not working anymore, all of this is just highlighting that fact. I find myself saying what i know he wants to hear sometimes. I just can't be bothered anymore. It seems to all be his way, but he thinks it's the other way around. I stopped trying for a baby for HIM because he wasn't comfortable anymore, even though it kills me, I agreed to stay where we are living even though i hated it, as long as we made it a home, after waiting months i made it a home myself, bought everything, cleaned the entire place (i'd gone on cleaning strike and it was like we lived with wild animals) i moved furniture and carried home shopping that kills my arms, He left, about 2 months ago, got his mother to come up to our bedroom and tell me and then she stood between us not letting me talk to him, told me i couldn't be a mother with how i was, how i was treating him, how he was coming home to a dirty house. She stood in my home and put me down at the very lowest part of my life. I was screaming for help, from everybody, and then he left. Now i want space, and i asked him to just stay at his mothers for one night, so i could just sit in my own bed without anyone and cry, and be upset and think everything through and try and decide what i need. He refused and so i gave in, i've had a week off work and to be honest it's been so nice in the day and as soon as it gets to 4pm and i know he'll be home in an hour and a half i start feeling all uptight and anxious because i know he'll want attention and love and affection, he'll want to watch something different to what i've been watching all day, he'll want me to cook. When even just talking at the moment feel so hard to do. i'm rambling again, i'm really sorry   I had counselling at the beginning of the year, it did help, because she would tell me everything i felt was normal, she'd let me just sit there and cry, she would let me get angry and shout and tell her it wasn't fair and she's agree and tell me that it wasn't fair and feeling angry and shouting was normal. My partner is all about the calm, hates when i'm angry, so i feel pressure from that too. When i'm pretty much angry a lot of the time. To be honest i'm starting to just distance myself from him and i'm scared about that too. I got referred to a different therapist though and i'm waiting on them. Which i'm also scared about, i don't want to have to tell another stranger all about how i feel and what's going on.    Yes, anti-depressants, i've been taking them for about 6 weeks now. I don't know if they help, i kind of picked myself back up when my partner left, now i feel so down again i don't know what to do. I can't really talk to him, he just tries to cheer me up, or make things better, telling me to smile and not worry. But i am worried, all the time, i don't want to smile, i want to cry. I feel trapped in my own mind and house. I'm not allowed to be upset, i'm not allowed to be down or cry, i'm not allowed to be angry. When i am, i'm angry, so angry, at myself, at my body at my mind, at him. :'(   I can't remember the last time I woke up and wasn't terrified. I suffered with depression through Christmas and the new year, My partner couldn't handle it anymore and got his mother to tell me he was leaving. I tried to kill myself, he came back and we're working on things. I made myself better, got a new amazing job and i'm really trying so hard every day to just get through. We agreed that we would stop trying because he wasn't comfortable, i suggested we stop everything for 6 months, no appointments no nothing. I'm terrified though, all i've ever wanted since i can remember is to be a mother.   I've started to wonder if i even want children at all anymore, but am i just making myself think that because i'm scared?  I don't want IVF, i don't want hormone treatments and everything that comes with it, i want to feel the joy of finding out i'm pregnant, i daydream about doing the test and it being positive, and then i crash back to reality where i'm all broken and a mess and not even trying to get pregnant anymore.   I'm struggling so hard this week, i've spent the last two days in pretty much constant tears, even when i'm okay my face streams with tears, i'm being sick again and not eating, i don't want to get out of bed.   i'm so scared, what if i get so low again and he leaves again.  i feel so fucked i just want everything to go away, just for a little bit i don't want to be worried or scared of my own life.  I just want to feel normal, for one day. Instead i feel pressured by everything, pressure to keep a clean house, pressure of even being someones girlfriend and everything that goes with that. Pressure of not trying or pressure of trying, pressure of a new job, If i could run away and clear my head and not have anyone make me do anything or try to fix me. I would. I'd leave everything just to stop everything for just a little while.  I know i'm just rambling but i don't really have anyone at all.   That's so amazing! i'm so happy for you. Thank you so much for letting me know, we've decided to stop trying for a year. No appointments no trying no nothing. I'm hoping that eases all the stress and upset, even though it terrifies me to stop trying. Thanks again for letting me know, that's made me happy and so happy for you!   I try to go to the gym 3 times a week and it helps with sleeping   	14
 Yes exactly. I totally agree with you, I just wonder how legitimate of a title "Au-pair" is. I personally have some experience with children, and one of my hobbies include watching shows and reading articles about childcare, but then au-pairs are, in the end, just kids wanting to travel for practically free! So I wonder how important my input in childcare really is.   But yeah. I guess they hired me because they know I can take care of their boy, and they know that I know a bit more than the average long adult, since it is an interest of mine. Oh well. I will soon try to just sit them down and share my thoughts.   Thank you :)    Thank you! It's actually very helpful!   I think what is keeping me from actually trying a stricter sleep routine is the fact that I do not have much time alone with their child, and yes. I don't know how to talk to them. I remember telling them I wanted to make a food exploration chart for their little one, so we can introduce him to a new food twice a week or so. But then I ended up deleting what I had started because little one's diet is so restrictive (100% out of fear). He has been fed in his life about ten different ingredients, eats the same 5 on a daily basis.   I put him to sleep for a nap at about 10 or 10:30 every weekday, but then mom comes from work between 12 and 12:30, and this boy is very capable of crying for two hours, no matter what. He hates the idea of lying down! So instead of having that happen, I rather do what they tell me to do. I know that if mom were to come to her crying son, she would freak out. Not be mad at me, or at least she would not express it, but she would feel very distressed about it, like her son is in immediate danger our something.   I really want to start sleep training. The more I talk to the father (whom I thought would be totally okay with it), the more I'm realizing that they just like the safe zone. The "Don't make him cry" technique, or "Give him whatever he wants, he'll eventually learn in the next few years". They do this with everything, from 'discipline' (they only say no when they physically cannot fulfill his wishes), to food (instead of introducing him to new food, they don't feed him food that are known as possible allergens), to his schedule (he started being on a schedule maybe two months ago, but only as a consequence of everybody else having a work schedule).   Anyway. One day I'll just sit them down and talk about it. Now that I know letting him cry on his own is not an effective technique in this case (or apparently, in any case), I'll try the other one that is more progressive. I so want to do it, but I know the mother won't be able to. The father? We'll see.    Ah, I didn't know, to be honest. I thought cry it out was a good method. I have seen it used many times and it seems to be more effective than being with the child. Of course, on small babies I wouldn't recommend it but one year and older, it seems okay. But then, I haven't done any follow-ups on the children I've seen this technique done on.  Thanks for the comment!    This is going to be really long. I love this topic.   I daydream a lot, and that since the age of 8 or so. I often daydream about lives I want to have. As an 8 year old, I wanted to be Barbie. She had eight adopted children. Today, I have multiple "stories" I daydream about, the most detailed one being me, in about 16 years, with a husband and eight adopted children (I have nothing against biological children, I just rather adopt + I'm asexual, so no sex for me). Some things never change. But I have "purchased" (aka going on real estate websites and saving the address) a house, cars, even every single piece of clothing each children have. Well, no. I stopped after 6 children. The two youngest ones "arrived" while I was in college so I had way less time on my hands haha. I also have their schedule, which is very accurate. I go on school's websites and other activities' website and I check their timetable. I virtually juggle eight kids pretty well, actually! Though the schedule is tight.   However, lately (ok, for the past year or so), I have been daydreaming about a life I could have had. I mean, it's way more plausible than the other stories I have. I daydream about me, a couple of years from now, being the biological mother of a baby/toddler girl (time frame changes depending on my mood. sometimes I'm pregnant) who I had by accident with someone I, in real life, had a crush on. She was obviously unplanned, with the procreation process being done while under the influence. All of this causes me to have severe anxiety and self-esteem problems, with me convinced that the father does not even like me, that I was taken advantage of, and that I was going to be a terrible mother. I am still a student, with very little money to spare. I, however, am too stubborn to live with my family, so I move to the US, on my own (I am American but I never lived in the US). During my pregnancy, I live alone in my studio apartment. I sell my life insurance, work as many jobs as I can, and go to school. I think one day I faint from being so over worked. The father comes every now and then for the doctor's appointment. We are not close, we kind of act like strangers, and our daughter is all we have in common, and the only reason why we see each other.   Fast forward to our daughter's birth, she is a preemie. My pregnancy did not go so well, I didn't take care of myself well enough. Well, the father is here, but he can only stay for about a month. He still lives in Canada (where we met in real life), and he has a job and all that. Fast forward a month later, he leaves, but a few days after, he comes back with most of his stuff. He moves in with me and helps me take care of our child. I am studying psychology, he is in culinary school. He finishes before me, work, and basically becomes the prime provider. I still work, but part time. I study full-time.   Through parenting our child, we bond. He has come to accept me as a whole, and my self-esteem problems are less severe. I still suffer from anxiety, but it's way better than before. The father is helpful and extremely loving to both of us (and obviously, it's reciprocal). Despite being short on money almost all the time, and sharing a studio apartment (to be honest, I love small spaces so it's not even an issue), we have a pretty good life. We're satisfied we what we have and what we've achieved. We both do everything we can for our daughter, and she's just. Perfect.   She is also the luckiest child when it comes to her relationship with her extended family. She is so loved and spoiled rotten by her paternal family. The father's mother always sends up big packages, sending us either a brand new stroller, or clothes, whatever we might need. We don't even ask her for anything, she just wants to spend money on her first grandchild. She even pays us tickets to their country of origin so our daughter can meet her great-grand-parents, who spoil her just as much. My family, on the other hand, does not support us as much, but my mother does love her grandchild. She likes sending us some cute clothes from time to time, and she drives from our city in Canada, to the US, at least twice a year. When she visits, she is all over her, but she still disapproves of the circumstances that led to her existence. My grandmother thinks lowly of me, my father is embarrassed.   It's so detailed, I could write a book. But arg, I know it sounds odd, maybe even stupid. And you know what makes this even more stupid? I feel like sharing her name would be blasphemous. As if something would happen, if I were to put her name out there.    [What are you talking about, the dark can't scar you mentally for life?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyctophobia) I don't to sound inconsiderate, but your personal fear of large barks is unfortunately not anyone's problem, just like someone's paralyzing fear of the dark is no one's problem. Of course, some dog owners are lousy, but they do not have to accommodate to your every wishes. Their only job is to make sure you or anyone does not get injured by their dog. The rest is on you.    I don't know man, little kids are scared of the dark too. I don't see protests banning the sun from setting.    I'm going to be the odd apple here. High School definitely wasn't the best time of my life, and I do not miss it. Actually, I didn't even go to prom. People told me I would regret it, and .... nope. Nothing to this day. Facebook was flooded with pictures from my prom, and I thought it would make me envious? But not at all, surprisingly. It's just not something I am into. On a side note, I don't remember if it was the same night or some other night, but from another website, people were posting pictures of what they did instead of going prom. They went urban exploring, if you know what that is. Wow. There, I felt really envious. But those were strangers from another country, plus no one I know in real life is into that :(  But anyway if you're really sociable, but you aren't the type of person who would be hurt if you go from 40 friends to 3, then High School will be great for you. Just don't use it as an occasion to do harmful or illegal things (No, being a teenager is not an excuse to act stupid.)   Is it? Share the links, if you don't mind! I am very interested.       Yes, for a couple of years. I can't remember the exact age. The only reason why I didn't die when I quit from my parents just demolishing me (they were really into making me play an instrument) was because I was already learning the violin.   For how long have you been doing it?    Shit, I must look like the most uncomfortable human being on Earth then. That's already my natural look, and on top of that, I'm asexual. Yay son!  By the way, you're gorgeous.    Have you had to approach them on something you would like to change? As an au-pair, I feel like I have to follow whatever schedule or habits they have. For instance I think their eating habit would be great to change. Like the baby's diet is way too restrictive, and I pointed out once, just a comment like this, no criticism, and it didn't end up well.   How did you approach the people you were working with, if you were in a similar situation? Do you ease the subject slowly or you just sit at a table and have a serious reunion? Plus I don't know how serious they would imply that since his bedtime, which would need to change as well, is outside my 'working hours'.  Thank you : )   Thank you! May I ask if eye-contact changes something while you do this? Like I said he falls asleep only if you feed him, and sometimes if you look him in the eyes while he's about to sleep sleep, he'll somehow succeed if there's eye-contact. He'll start trying to get your attention by touching your face, or making noises. But when I don't respond to his gaze, he just looks away and lets sleep come back again.  I guess my most important question is, how did you approach the parents about it? Did you just sit down with them and say "Listen! I have a plan." ? I feel like as an aupair, I have little to no authority on their lifestyle. I think there are many things they should change. For instance, their tendency to give in to his cries. I have stopped that, and guess who never cries with me! (except, of course, when he really doesn't want to sleep). Also, I give him way less milk so he can fall asleep on his own. He kind of does, but he still needs to be held. But those are changes I can implement without the parents' approval. When it comes to sleep though, I wish they had him on a strict schedule. I once proposed to the father (who is less emotionally attached to the child, so he wouldn't be scared or hurt or whatever) to establish a really strict routine: At 7:15, the first thing he should do is tell him that it's bedtime, and that he's going to change him. New diaper on, PJs on, I said they should go the living room and feed him a bottle. His room would be better but they do not have a chair there. I guess it would be easier to just get a chair in there. Then, he can get a full milk bottle (300 ml. During the day, I give him 150). I don't know if leaving him with a bottle in his crib would work for him. And then, a story would be great. I think they have one "goodnight" story. They need more! And finally, by 7:30, they should put him in his crib.   Now that I am thinking about it, they should start cleaning up while the baby is there, so baby knows playtime is over. He loves to "help out" so it's a great occasion! Plus with praises like "Thank you for cleaning up!", he'll grow up to actually do it when asked. He loves the words "Thank you" since he knows he has done good.   I'm a little terrified to talk to the mother, especially. Whoa. How did you do it? : )   I am an au-pair taking care of a 14 month old who doesn't want to sleep. He relies on his parents to sleep (bottle + rocking).   Today, he slept for 45 minutes during naptime. He is still tored but won't allow himself to sleep. I am letting him cry so he can calm himself down, which is kind of working, but his parents have a different technique. Normally, they go get him, and if he cries for too long, they play with him. Obviously he will never get used to self-soothing.  How do I get the parents to work with me? And would you let him cry until he calms down?   Hey, I understand this. Actually, I am at this awkward age where you're legally an adult, but no one, including yourself, would consider you to be one. I can't wait to be 25+ years old. I want to have my life together, to be fully responsible ...  I do "work", though I consider it to be more fun than demanding. I don't pay taxes yet, I may live away from family, but most of my expenses are still paid (it came with the "job"): so free boarding.   I took a gap year from college, actually, in order to get this job. I can't wait to go back to school, get my Master's and be done with my school life. I can't wait to be a real adult.    Lunch was about seven hours ago, but I'm still at awe about how good it was!   I had a whole [roasted chicken thing](http://www.eataly.com/resources/eataly/images/uploads/Rotisserie_RestaurantRotator02_840x398.jpg) (it wasn't as big though), with fries. See, I am very healthy. It sounds boring but the seasoning on those were amazing. The chicken was salty, but the good kind of salty. The fries on the other hand were seasoned with paprika. I may ditch salt for the rest of my life.    Sorry, I am a fat slob and I've always been. But I miss TV. I miss morning cartoons, Cartoon Network and a French tv channel called Canal J. Those were my favourites of all time. I miss knowing all the original Pokemon's names. I miss having imaginary battles with Yu-Gi-Oh, which were made possible with cards I would buy for twenty dollars a deck. I miss wishing that TV hosts from that french channel were my siblings.  Life itself wasn't so good, but damn did those cartoons made me forget about the negative!   Hey! Ça fait bizarre de voir du français ici! Je suis d'origine antillaise et j'ai vécu à Montréal pendant près de dix ans. Et toi, d'où viens-tu?   Like /u/TWFM said, it doesn't mean someone is wrong. Actually, I think opinions cannot be right or wrong. They can, however, be problematic (which I guess has become synonym for "wrong").   I think Right/Wrong exist when there is a truth that does not depend on human input.    I didn't. The mods did. Too many posts lately have been about relationships.   Oh I'm sorry. Thank you for noticing me though : )   Ah, same here. It's mostly out of pure envy I want to be with someone. Well, I don't know how much I would enjoy it, since it has never happened. I don't know if it's a matter of getting used to it as well? Maybe.    It's weird. I am really good at hearing, but I am terrible at decoding spoken language. Like I can hear someone whisper from another city (hyperbole of course), but I wouldn't be able to tell what you just told me, even if you were speaking very clearly directly into my ear.       Sorry. It really isn't. I'm just not born in the right era haha   It is not a condition. Sorry I made it sound like I was disfigured, but I'm just ugly. Unfortunately, I am seen as physically disgusting to most people.  Oh well.     Ah cool. I thought it would be like a circle-jerk of "Ugh, women are so stupid and shallow if they go for the tall guys blablabla". Some subs here are poison.    I should be sleeping. It's almost 1 AM, and I have to wake up at 6.    I definitely have some self-esteem issues. I have become almost ashamed of everything I am. It has gotten so bad that when I daydream about my goals and future life, I need to find myself a look-alike. I can't imagine myself in any of my thoughts, unless they are negative.   I guess I like ... hmmm.   Yep. I need to work on that self-esteem.      I can understand them. I have physical traits that are universally seen as unattractive. When you see, every single day, how people rarely date those who have that trait, it sucks.   Though I have never been in that subreddit. Knowing Reddit, they probably don't "just complain".    I am addicted to eating flour. It's an odd problem called pica, mine is triggered because of my anemia (apparently). People with pica that is caused by anemia usually eat things like sand, dirt, baking powder ... My mother, who also has anemia, was really into dirt and clay.  Anyway. You have different types of addictions, obviously. Personally, I think I am addicted because I have associated the flour with positive things. Therefore, there is some emotional reasons behind it. Also, physically, it's as if it's a healing agent. When I don't feel good (headache, stomach ache, even stomach reflux), eating flour makes me feel better. Also, it's just a habit, kind of part of my routine. If I don't follow the routine, it doesn't feel right. So when I don't have my flour, well not only am I lost because I don't have a routine anymore, I also feel physical pain and my mood drops.   It has gotten better it the last few weeks though. I still can't spend more than a week without it though.    I like you. I wouldn't move either lol.   I wish male/female relationships weren't automatically labeled as sexual. I wish young female/older male relationships weren't automatically labeled pedophilic. I am living with a couple, and sometimes I want to hug them. If I were to hug the lady, no one would care. If I were to hug the man, wow. Maybe his wife would think something is going on. Maybe his friends would think something is going on. Whoever witnesses it would think something is going on. He is 16 years older. Whoa, something fishy "must" be going on!   It really sucks.    I've learned through the years to just act like it was my plan to work alone anyway. During college, whenever the teacher would say "Find a partner!", I would take out a sheet of paper and get to work ASAP. No scanning the class to look for someone, no sitting there waiting. I just do my thing. If someone asks me to partner up, yeah sure bro, no problem. If not, well at least I don't have to worry about anyone else's grade.    Tbh, it kind of is. Not frown upon but it's so rarely viewed as an unattractive trait that when a girl goes for a short guy, they wonder what the hell she was thinking.    Bruh. I want six children too. I know that feeling.  Seriously though. I think if I were rich, I would want at least four children, max. 8. Only because I know you can still be a good, loving and present parent and not rely on nannies with eight children children. I don't know about more than that.   Oh I'm an only child. That's why, probably.    I'm pretty sure nudity is taboo in about 90% of the world. In Europe, you would not see someone in the streets walking naked without having people comment about it. Obviously Europe is more open about it though. I went to a pool once and women were just topless. It didn't bother me, it was just new for me.   I know in France, toplessness wasn't taboo until very recently, when influences from America became very apparent. I remember in many movies and TV shows, women were topless, even bottomless, and nothing was blurred. Today on the other hand, most things are blurred. Obviously they do this because in North America and some other parts of the world, like said already, nudity = sexuality. In other parts of the world, nudity just means indecency. You don't flaunt your private stuff, from you body to your most secret desires, to the public. In my country of origin on the other hand, it is considered barbarian. Even though we are direct descendants of Africans, we consider 'them' savages because 'they' walk topless (obviously it's a huge stupid generalization based on the few images of tribes we get to see). So obviously nudity is seen as bad there as well.   I think Sims 3 is the best. What you have said there can be done in the Sims 3, it's just not as straightforward I guess.   I'm in love with Sims 3 because of that Open World. No loading time if you want to go outside, you just zoom out and there you go. Sims also spontaneously go out to do things. I love how children have like quests to collect gems and bugs and whatnot. And finding seeds to plant is always so rewarding! It makes the game that much more interesting, like how sometimes you feel like taking a stroll, or just say hi to the neighbour, or just jump in the nearest river. Yep, all doable in the Sims 3.  Oddly enough, what I miss about Sims 2 is how easy it was to put in custom content. I also miss some interactions, like how changing your baby/toddler's diaper would leave a dirty diaper behind. That was so realistic. Good thing they added a changing table in the Sims 3, but still I wish we could bath babies in the sink and toddlers in the bathtub, like in Sims 3 (again, more realistic). I also miss this really random interaction, when Sims could just sit in the car, doing nothing. Children could cry while sitting in the car lol (it was actually sad but so random. good for story making I guess). It made carpooling easier because then not everyone would be trying to get in at the same time, and whoever's ready could get in first.   What else do I miss ... Oh yeah! I had this expansion that was about apartment life, or whatever the title. I loved it so much! I wish Sims 3 gave the option of having functioning apartments.   Honestly, Sims 3 is the best with the expansion packs and custom content. If you're on a good PC, you can get so many of those custom contents. They make your game so worth it!    Do get Pets and Seasons! They are what will make your game that much more interesting! Oh and Generations is pretty cool, too!    I am! and it's really inconvenient right now. I wish I had a schedule that fit this tendency of mine of sleeping late. Only when I'm extremely tired do I somehow sleep at 11 or midnight. I remember one time in college, I was so tired, I went to bed at 10. I slept for so long! But I was still somehow tired in the morning.   During the summer time, I would usually sleep from sometime between 7 am and noon, to 5 pm, then I'd be up all night. I would never experience fatigue. I wish I lived in a an area near downtown and just walked in the middle of the night. I did it a few times but the latest I've stayed downtown was 9 pm :( (latest in my neighbourhood: midnight).    I used to! Well, from the age of 2 until the age of 12, I played the violin. I'd say I was really good from the age of 3 to 8-9. I never liked it, though. I lived in my country of origin until the age of 8, and during that time, I had really tough teachers. I mean. My country is all about being tough with children, no matter the technic you use. So I guess out of fear, I seldom made mistakes. But said fear now makes me hate the instrument. Though I love how it sounds ...   Then, from age 3 to 5-6, I played the piano. I was never good, because I had the violin to perfect (my piano teachers were both nice enough to not mind, so I would practice the violin more).   Then during a year (age 11-12), I played the saxophone alto. I loved that instrument, but I'm not really interested into learning more.   Right now, I am starting to learn piano all over again. I really lost it. I forgot how to read notes, my hands are still quite rigid ... I guess the only thing I have left is a musical ear, but even then, sometimes it lets a couple of mistakes slip. But I think the piano is a really cool instrument to learn to play. Plus you have so many variants, like the harpsichord (I call it the 'Versailles' piano). It sounds so glorious.    I have pretty long hair right now (to my waist), and I always braid a "beard" in front of my chin when I feel anxious. It's a really dumb habit because I have social anxiety, meaning I don't want attention, but transforming into a "bearded lady" is basically asking for attention. I can't help it though!   And I crack anything I can crack. Knuckles, neck, knees .. you name it. I think if I were to crack something every 2 seconds in my body, I could go on forever.   To be honest I just roll with it. Doesn't hurt me, actually helps me get my mind distracted. Whatever works for you, as long as it's not destructive, should be fine! : ) (though I guess on the long run, you should seek out for better coping mechanism? It really depends on what you want)   Oddly enough, I forced myself to be sociable and tried to ignore the anxiety. It worked for almost two months, then some time during October, I crashed. I used to spend all my free time (it was a lot! I had really long breaks) in my program's lounge, which was quite small since very few people knew about it. There were maybe 10-15 people at most, on average about 6. I talked to them all, despite the anxiety that would make me lightheaded, yadiya. Then after my 'crash', I couldn't even use the stairs next to it without panicking. I started spending my long breaks in a café downtown, and my short breaks were spent in the library. I was completely isolated.   On a more positive note, I became way more responsible. I'm still kind of lazy, but if you're depending on me, I will make sure not to disappoint you. I went from coming to school late almost every morning from oversleeping, to waking up at 5 am to do some volunteering.    There was a survey I read on here that said something like x% of those who survived regretted trying. So many factors come in place, making this percentage faulty. First, those who survive usually go through excruciating pain after failing or they suffer damages that will be present for the rest of their life. Of course they'll regret trying. Second, what's the percentage of those who succeeded who regretted it?  Usually people who impulsively try to kill themselves stop when they witness a 'sign'. Maybe the first couple of weeks there will be a change, but afterwards I think people would find some other ways.   As a specifies, none. We're there because 'mistakes' happened during millions of years.   As a citizen of most modern-day society, contribute to said society without breaking the rules.  As a human being, just try to enjoy your time while you're there. Find your own personal purpose and try to achieve it.    I think I wanted to be some kind of celebrity. Someone like Beyoncé or Christina Aguilera. Ironically, I grew up to develop social anxiety.   Now, I am not sure, to be honest. My dream job, as in it will never happen but I can always dream, would be to become an astronaut. A more realistic wish would be to work with deaf-blind children. I love working with children, but becoming a teacher isn't 100% what I want to do. There's the anxiety, and also I don't know if I'll be good, and the North American curriculum is not the best (assuming I'd work there).    I am living with this German family, and I believe the father is genuinely happy. He grew up happy (his parents were very loving, according to him), has met, I believe, the woman of his dream. I mean, she must be, they've been together for 15-20 years (my guess, though I know they were together in early 2000). They have a child together, they are running a successful company, he studied his most favourite subject ever and now has a Doctorate ...  I don't know how to describe him, to be honest. Well, for starters, he is quite an honest person. He doesn't shy away from saying what's on his mind at all. Second, he goes for what he wants. I think he has always been like that. As a child, he would talk his parents into signing him up for classes he would wish to attend. Things like that.   I don't know him very well, but I guess the reason why he's so happy is partly because of how his parents raised him (they were hippies), and also because of his very "I want it now, so I'll get it now!" attitude towards life.    It will not fix the more serious problem though. If someone wants to die, they will find a way. If it's not by jumping off, it will be with their belt around their neck, hanging in their closet.   We live in a world that indirectly encourages suicide. The "worthy" ones should get all the good stuff, while the mediocre ones could die and no one would care. On top of that, very few people actually believe they're actually worthy. Now, in some countries, it's way worse because sometimes those words are said directly to people (thinking about Japan and South Korea). However in America the continent, Africa ... all around the world, there are so few resources known to the general population that could indeed save someone's life by said individual's choice. I wish there was such a thing as an organization who's purpose is to help people who feel down and suicidal to find some purpose in their life. Not just through talking though, because words can only do so much.   Honestly. Feeling worthless and miserable sucks.    Same! My five-year-old Shih-Tzu loves bottles, especially when he can run after them, but lately he's been really into unscrewing them. And he's become a pro. It can take him less than 30 seconds to open one.   ** realized I said lately ... he's been into bottles for almost four years ... Oh my god my dog is not one anymore!    Thanks for the recommendation! I checked their channel for a second and how come they have Ray's (from Rooster Teeth) silhouette as their banner? I'm guessing they're related to the company as well?   I used to watch Achievement Hunter daily, but now I have been more into a german Let's Play team named PietSmiet. I'm trying to learn German so yeah (though to be honest, I only learned like: spielen (play), speichern (save), and a bunch of insults appropriate for rage quits.) I also watch a couple of French Let's Players quite often. Their names: MrBboy45 (if you speak French, this guy is hilarious) and DaRkFuNeRaL97two. Right now, I'm watching GTA 5 for the second time, in German this time. I really love long Let's Plays so people like Bboy and Dark get my views whenever they make one. Right now, together, they just finished Dying Light, and Bboy is still in the midst of a Resident Evil game.   How is Sims 3 confusing to you, if I may ask? I have to admit that it seems to attract only a specific group of people. Well, two. You have people who play Sims just to watch them die, or you have people who dedicate most of their day to this game to make it as realistic as possible. I'm ~~unfortunately~~ part of this group, though since I've acquired a mac, I had to cut down the amount of 'work' put into my game (macs are so restrictive, many files I get from the internet don't get into my game simply because my mac thinks it's a corrupted file, when it's perfectly fine). If it wasn't for that issue, [I would be doing things like this](http://sincerelyasimmer.tumblr.com). But I can't download most of the objects you see there, I can't download a good screen-capture application, and I can't download the poses you see (Sims do not naturally behave this way). [That's an example of the best I got from playing with a mac](http://36.media.tumblr.com/33629c4a3acc40718a92058321f4e328/tumblr_n26pbuV2lM1r7qdrvo3_1280.png).   Though now, I am not only contemplating calling my mother to ask her to ship everything to me, I'm also thinking about getting a PC just to play Sims again. I miss it so much! Sorry, this was terribly long. I can go on and on about that game ...   What are your favourite games?    I am currently in Germany and it has been 10 weeks only, so I do not know how the yearly weather is yet, though right now it's kind of like Montreal (where I lived for nearly 10 years). April is the troubled month; you never know what kind of temperature you'll be having. Though besides that first week, April has been quite tamed and warm, here in Germany. I am not liking this.     I find it odd that you're assuming that I am being sarcastic. I truly, wholeheartedly hate what humanity has agreed to call "good weather", and everything that comes with it. What's funny is that when I tell people that, they look at me, ask me "How can a Caribbean person like cold weather?"   And no, never said I liked freezing temperatures. (I lived 10 years in Canada so I've had my fair share). I like Autumn-like weather: cold, gloomy and rainy.    I hate it! Alright, hate is a strong word, but I honestly despise warm or hot weather. I dislike the sun, I dislike clear skies, I dislike warmth ...  The last week of March and the first week of April were so good to us. Intense storms, indecisive weather (for a week, we had rain, ice rain, wind, thunder, and the sun all in about 5 hours) and this magnificent cold brisk that comes with the rain.  I can't wait for September already.    Whoops! I meant meditate! Sorry!    I am not a hardcore gamer, even though I love games. I used to be but then I started getting so conscious about money, I just stick to watching Let's Plays on YouTube (though about two months ago, I spoiled myself by getting a 3DS XL).   I, however, will spend everything I own on Sims 3. I loved Sims 2, and Sims 3 is just as good, if not better (that open world!!!). Ten weeks ago, I moved out of my house, and I left all my games and all the custom content I have downloaded. I regret it so much! I kind of want to ask my mother to ship them all to me.    I have tried it, actually. And I don't know if I have been unlucky, or if that's normal. People usually bail out minutes after you start talking. Well, when it's "light-hearted" problems, they stick around but when you bring up depression and all that comes with it, they seem to distance themselves, then they become quiet. It's not my cup of tea (haaaaa I had to).    Same. I always knew something was wrong with me, but since I'm a new adult now, then I used to think "Oh, yeah. I'm just being a kid/teen." And anyway when I would express these feelings to an adult, they would give me that same answer.  Fast forward college years and I find a psychologist who takes me seriously. She gave me two official diagnoses: I have (social) anxiety and depression. OK great! Makes total sense, but I still felt odd ... Sometimes I wondered if I had schizophrenia, or Asperger's ... looking up my symptoms online became a self-destructive hobby. Also, said psychologist would mention some personality disorder since therapy wasn't working as it should. Then one day, I visit my sister in Florida, and her husband is a medical doctor. He comes up to me out of the blue and says: "You know, I know what you are. You have Schizoid Personality Disorder."  I was in denial when he said it to me at first, then I googled it, and I felt like I was reading articles about myself. The symptoms were so precise!   Anyway. I don't know if you're like that as well, but it's always nice to know "Oh wow, it's a thing! I have a real thing other people have! I didn't make it up!"    Whoa that's cool! They sure are good to listen to (well, I don't listen to Etho particularly). For some reason, I enjoy the sound getting experience makes.    Original one! :)   Where do you live? I would love to live in a location where I can see and hear so much. Like living downtown NYC. My dream is to live there but ... no money.    Oh cool! Do you medicate?    That sounds cool! Personally I am not intending on driving, but I enjoy taking the bus for a very long time ... I guess it's not quite the same, since I'm not perfectly alone. But headphones do make a difference, especially when you get that perfect seat all the way in the back! :)    You sound awesome! Though I have no interest in driving, I do enjoy long road trips, especially when my father would drive. He's a pro at driving, since he still lives in our home country and the roads there are shit (Plus no real driving rules. It's not really enforced). When he would visit us in North America, he would look like a crazy maniac, speeding and taking way too many risks on the road, but he still is the safest and calmest driver I ever met. I always end up getting sleepy if we drive for more than 20 minutes. It was so calming!    Hello! I never actually started a thread here, but I wanted to share this somewhere!   Well I am currently living in Germany with the best Host Family in the world, and in exchange of free boarding, I take care of their son for a few hours a day. Well, yesterday, I was not feeling so good about myself (it has been like this for about two weeks now), so I went out to buy myself all needed ingredients for a glorious mac n cheese lunch, which did help me cheer up a bit. On my way back from the supermarket, I opened their door and I thought for a second they were there. I smelled their 'scent', and it made me feel so happy for a second. Not just happy, but actually relieved and comforted. The smell felt like a warm, welcoming hug.   It lasted less than two seconds. First, there was no one there, and second, I quickly realized what was happening, and I snapped out of it. Now I can't smell it anymore.   I hope one day this feeling lasts maybe a minute, or a day, or hey, a lifetime sounds quite nice!  Thanks for listening! : )   I don't know how normal this is, and no, I do not suffer from schizophrenia, but I do have multiple 'thinking voices'. So whenever I am thinking about something and I shouldn't be thinking about it, another voice kind of jumps over and starts saying "blablabla". All in my head. And somehow, if that second voice keeps it up long enough, the initial voice with the inappropriate thought forgets about it. Sometimes, I'd need a third voice, one that just thinks of something else. And the initial voice stays in the background, but I just give it less attention.    Dress up as Sebastian from the little mermaid!! :D   same, but with Tiana.    Back home, I used to walk my dog exclusively at night because it was quiet, dark and empty. Sometimes, the moon is really bright, or the sky is dark enough to see some stars. I always feel something overwhelming, especially when looking at the moon. Well one night, I saw the constellation Sagitta, and for some reason, it looked bigger than I'm used to seeing it. I immediately had a panic attack. Mild enough to keep me on my feet, but still severe enough that I had to walk back home without looking up.   Oddly enough, it was a 'good' panic attack. Not sure how to explain it, but it's a bittersweet feeling, the bitter part being the panicking, and the sweet part being the night sky and astronomy in general, which outweighed the 'bitter'.   For the past 10 weeks, every night, I listen to it on repeat. Makes me fall asleep instantly. It's incredibly comforting!   Wow I used to live in Montreal and I never met a girl Nicola. Actually I talked about Nicola to a friend still in Montreal and she thought it was odd.   Oh well. The more you know :D   Maybe in English it is? I'm a francophone and Nicola (and all variants) are male names. I guess it's like Alexis. In English it's a girls' name but in French, it's for boys.   Wow a girl named Anthony! Sounds awesome!   Ha. You're right.  I guess when you live with health freaks, you forget about how wonderful fast food is by itself. No need for an excuse.   Ha! I wish!  Let's just say fast food is part of my weekly food intake.      Actually, don't stick to a diet. Diets are stressful, which could trigger emotional eating (or reward eating). Humans weren't made to diet. We just eat, and move.   I think the best advice I have seen about weight lose is: Eat when you're hungry, stop eating when you're not. No restriction whatsoever on what you're eating (but don't go overboard), and of course, you should be eating less if you go by your body's cues.    I eat fast food when I'm sad.   Guess my weight!    Hello! I was born in Brooklyn (NYC), moved to Haiti two months later, then eight years after that, I moved to Canada, and ten weeks ago, I moved to Germany!   I want to live in Europe so badly, but I don't know where. I love Germany's social system, but not a big fan of the way of life (it's not sooo different, but still. I miss North America at times). France is my dream country, but I do know immigrating there is very hard!    I don't like the idea that names are inherently gendered, so I do tend to immediately fall in love with "names given to the wrong gender", even if I don't like the name itself. For instance I met a girl named Nicola once. I fell in love with it immediately, despite not really having a thing for the name Nicola alone. I always associate those people, boys and girls, to be somehow strong, successful, but still a bit non-conformist in one or more things they do. A boy named Lauren (though I know Lauren used to be for boys) or a girl named Nicola, or Felix are leading highly successful independent lives, but they're also the type of person you want to get to know better because they look so cool.    I think communism is the way to go. I know it will mean getting rid of many of the luxuries we allow ourselves to have, we will have to get rid of many rights as well, and that humans are way too greedy, power-hungry and into money to honestly think about the well-being of their community before themselves. It's too great of an idea for such a flawed species like us.    Wow, how relevant! I was actually going through this subreddit in hopes of forgetting about this random sadness I'm experiencing now.  Like you, it happens all the time, and it is mostly disappointment towards myself. Though lately I have been pinpointing small triggers. For instance, I am taking care of a one-year-old baby, and every time he gets a little upset because of me (he's a huge mama's boy so if I'm trying to hold him while mama is around, he'll get upset), I get a sad, then I start thinking too much ... It looks terrible, especially since I tend to just lay down on my stomach (or sit up if that's not an option) and look into the distance when I'm sad.    I remember it being around way before Facebook. Kids used it in order to tease me for being an only child.    Thanks for the reply. I'm sorry if I came off rude; it was the accumulation of many people wondering, despite knowing that I'm asexual, why I don't have sex.   And I know, many gay men choose to be with women, but they are the type of people, like you said, who are understanding and willing to work things out in order to make their relationship successful. Actually, a couple of kids from college once said they wanted to be parents together, without being in a relationship. They would get married if need be (they wanted to adopt), but they knew for a fact whatever love they have for each other was strictly platonic, nothing romantic or sexual. I don't know how they're doing right now though. (I remember them saying neither liked long-term relationships, but still wanted children).   I personally thought about such plans or compromises for the sake of my future children (back when I really thought I would hurt them by being single), and also because I'm human and I haven't completely given up on finding love yet (but it's getting there). I said to myself that I would not mind having a husband who sleeps around, as long as I knew when he was doing whatever he would be doing, and with whom. And of course, as long as the love remained reciprocal. There is no risk of jealousy, since I do not envy sex or sexual intimacy at all. But I very, very much doubt that there is such a human being on Earth right now, who can have sex with literally any (consenting!) person they wish, but who would still come back home to a sexless relationship and a demanding life as a parent. I don't think the love would remain for very long, especially with someone like me who has no amazingly attractive traits at all.    I don't really agree with the "putting up with sex" thing. Why should I forfeit my personal sexual orientation for the enjoyment of someone else? That's like telling a gay man to "just have sex with a woman" so his children can have a mother.  I respect all opinions, but I don't tolerate ignorance about my sexual orientation. So few people take asexuality seriously. It's getting discouraging.   I am still quite young, and I have many years ahead of me before potentially becoming a mother. But long story short, I want to be a single mother. Mostly because I know I will be single, so I'm masking it under the "it's a choice!" label just so reality doesn't hit too hard.   First, I am asexual. No interest in sex whatsoever for me. Second, even if I were to meet an asexual (which would be very unlikely: 1% of the world population is asexual), chances are they would not be interested in my person, for many reasons.  I know children are entitled to more than one parent, but my life goal is to be a mother, and I am 99.8% sure I will be alone.   What are your opinions?   Edit: Thank you for the responses so far. : ) I asked because I have been called selfish for "wanting to deprive my future children of a father" many times by a couple of family members. I wondered how frowned upon it was to be a single parent by choice.    Nope, nothing works.    Your hands will crack and bleed at least once a week. Stupid dry hands.    Oh my, I did this a few times in High School. I can read and write in Korean, so I would often write out answers in Hangul either on my desk or whatever piece of paper we were allowed to have. Teachers would either not notice (all they would see are circles or squares or lines), or they'd think I'm just another Koreaboo writing random shit anywhere I could.   Not proud of the fact that I cheated, but very proud of myself for learning another script. It came in handy.    Young Stalin is so good looking. The coat, the scarf (I believe), and the hair ... He looks like a modern-day hipster.    Yes, and to have the image coloured make them look like every day people, and not just historical figures. It's quite ... weird. I don't have a better word, sorry.    But the great majority of people under 25 earn very little, if they're still in school, their level of education is low (by default), and they will not use formal English since it's quicker not to do so, no? And they are those who use instant messaging the most. So that's all related to age, or?    Same. If I fail once, shame on me forever. I don't like going through hard or painful moments to reach something the great people just have naturally. It feels so unfair!   When I used to have therapy for depression and anxiety, the therapist once asked me to start looking up while walking, and on the same day I did. From my college to the bus stop, I looked up, and when I reached my bus stop (7 minutes later), I started crying. I didn't enjoy it. It was too much, I felt like I was suffocating ... so I bought food (I eat when I'm sad/happy/whatever emotion) and took the bus, crying. Good thing I got one of those individual seats, and my hair was in the way of my face. Only a couple of people noticed me.  Whoa while writing this, I'm starting to tear up. I really miss home. I don't mean home as in where I sleep, I mean my city. I remember crying in a café, again, and for some reason it felt comforting to cry there. No one approached me or anything, a few people did notice me, but it was the only place I've ever been to where crying felt okay.   I want to go back to my city just for that café and how good it made me feel through some difficult times of my life. And it's not even that special of a café. It's small, always crowded, you always have hipsters hogging the seats with their MacBooks, drinking an espresso or cappuccino or munching on a sandwich with ingredients you didn't know existed. They always played underground rock, the owners were always loudly laughing, in contrast to half the costumers who were students, therefore studying or working. Some stayed there for a couple of minutes to grab a quick snack, others stayed for hours. It was magic. Especially at night, when the rush settles down, and the few costumers that were left were those who would leave at closing time. The owners were so friendly and welcoming, though I never really had conversations with them. Just the usual "Hi, I'd like to order the ...". Yet, in those short minutes, they welcomed me with their smiles and their spirits. It felt great.   I started college in August of 2013, and I would go there twice a week to escape. Then, from January 2014, I only got to go there once a week. From Summer to the Winter, I went there only a handful of time, but I stayed there until closing time twice. Those were the best moments. No rush at all, only maybe five to ten people, and it was quiet. Well no, it wasn't. There was music and people talking, but nothing traumatizing. The noise was melodious in a way. I don't know how to put it. It was good background noise. Pitch black outside, only a few cars driving by (the café is in the hipster neighbourhood of my home city, so besides the main streets, you see more bicycles or pedestrians around town).   I wish I was capable of sharing these moments with someone. Well, scratch that. I did share those moments with people. Two, actually. People it took me 9 years to consider friends. Somehow, they were patient and didn't mind my asocial self. They didn't mind how quiet or odd I was, they just roll with it. I am so thankful for them, I really am. However I can't feel the need to be around them or to explicitly miss them. Though again, I wish I could share these moments with a special someone. I had one person I considered special in my life, but they're being distant.   Sorry I'm rambling. Guess who needs a snack.    Whoa, I never thought this would ever be relevant, but I always want to be those people society classifies as plain "crazy". Like untreated schizophrenic people, or anyone who are in constant dementia/psychosis. I want a mental illness instead of a physical one only because I can't handle pain too much. I also want to lose my mind, and stop being in touch with reality. I don't know why I want this since I know it's an horrific thing to go through.   However, I don't go to the doctor's whenever I have something. I have a cyst in my arm (I don't think it's cancerous but even if it were), I didn't get it checked. I have anemia and I don't take care of it either, and I always tell myself if I get breast cancer, I won't get it checked. I'll just die. Though apparently, breast cancer can be extremely painful ... yeah. I need to get over that fear of pain.    Only a lucky few have parents who truly have their children's best interest at heart. Most parents just want you to do and be what they think you should do and be.   I learned this many times, but the most shocking moments happened in the last couple of years.  For Christmas 2013, my mother and I went to our home country to visit my father (who's job doesn't allow him to live with us in Canada, but he does visit). One random night, we were at a restaurant, and I was talking about what I want to do with my life, and how my goal was to be happy. Then my mother forced herself to say: Well ... we're proud of you either way, right? (asking my father). He looks at both of us, takes his glass of beer, and gulps it down in one go. He never answered.   I moved to Europe two months ago to become an au-pair (which is kind of like a live-in nanny), and I thought I had finally gained my family's support. It is something I wanted to do for many reasons (I love children, I want to eventually study in Europe, etc.), but one of them is to get away from my family because they've been toxic. Well, I am sitting here, quite happy actually, and I get a message from my mom. "Hey, I miss you and I wish you were here, especially since now I need to print this thing for work and the printer is not working." This was the first time she said she missed me. Her other messages always came off as bitter to me, especially since she's angry at the fact that I'm not in school.    Meh, not to me. I have social anxiety and I still don't know clues (plus I'm paranoid as hell, so I always wonder if someone is just being polite).   And I'm asexual, so. I don't care about "jumping in the sack".   I understand, and I agree.  To add something, from what I heard from friends and people who have been to Japan, you stand out quite a lot unless you're Japanese. Not the same country, but South Korea is quite homogenous like Japan, and people stare at you until either you or they leave, when you're a foreigner.    Rural Japan, maybe, but in big cities, there's no way in hell you'll ever be alone.    Sell something! You don't need a computer, a car, designer clothes or whatever. Also, websites like [TaskRabbit](https://www.taskrabbit.com) ([AskForTask](https://www.askfortask.com) if you're in Canada) allow you to find quick jobs to do.    Get a job and make 500 dollars, all in one week? It already takes more than one week to schedule an interview.    I thought "how much they like having you around".    I love languages, and after talking with someone about some etymological facts, I asked on this subreddit the words with the best etymology.    :(   Demonstrating doesn't automatically mean acting something out, though. It can also means "here's an example of ...".   Yes, that is exactly the problem. I am the listener. I have no control over this voice, and it is ruining my life. I want to be the voice, this way either it'll shut up 99% of the time, or I can easily change my chain of thoughts. For now, I am listening to something that is basically encouraging me to ruin my life, one way or the other.  Back when I was a naive teen (though I still am, except I graduated adolescence), I thought I had schizophrenia, simply because the first symptoms you hear about were the voices in your head you had no control over. Then I listened to a simulation of schizophrenia, and realized that it's different in my case. I am pretty sure everyone has a certain voice in their head. I guess my problem is that this voice seems to have a mind of its own. As if there are two voices in my head. Me, actual, living me, the one going trough life and being controlled by my brain, and then the me that is only my brain, the "controller".   I know it makes no sense.    No when I said "someone did it to me" I didn't mean a god or an actual person. It's just too much of a coincidence (still is). And it's a terrible coincidence. I know there's worse but when you have three "problems" that just encourage you to be an hermit, but you still kind of wish you were not one, it sucks to go through life. It's like those dreams where you want to run but you're stuck, or you'r too slow. That's what it feels like to be alive right now.    No he was not trying to do anything for the memory of the deceased actor, he was playing because he likes to play and he likes Star Trek. I personally don't like board games at all. I prefer dominos or card games. More to the point, no extra crap, no more than maybe 5 rules. Nah. Board games and I do not match.   Well, I don't know if I'm misunderstanding this, I guess I am, but I cannot associate with people. I don't have the skills at all. People who talk to me always feel like I'm bored or sad. Always. So they either leave me alone or they try to cheer me up (when I'm relatively fine).    I don't really enjoy conversations either, for some reason. It's just. Eh. We could be in silence right now so why aren't we? I enjoy debates though, but mostly online. In real life, it's tiring, I get nervous, the whole deal.  I am asocial, and socially anxious. How do I work this out.      Hey fellow Canadian! And thank you! I'll go to Müller then! : )   Definitely an option I'll consider. Thank you! : )   I'll try something like Galeria, maybe they'll have those. Thank you!   	106
