 I know the Cinemark chain will have cheap refills for marathon ticket holders.  I desperatly want to go to this, but my Boss is out of town for a convention that week so I will probably have to work the premier night.   There will be a complimentary motel room and shuttle service.   I thought she did well in it, but figured it was inevitable.   Epfay?   Mario on the Gameboy. Shit was frustrating as hell at 5 years old.  Either that or Oregon Trail on the mac.    I finally found the manga I read, it is called Batman Death Mask. It is a pretty crazy story about what seems to be a demon living in a Kabuki mask.   I just started watching it T.T      Love this movie. Highly suggest it.   If we can somehow get an update to this is like 10-20 years that would be awesome.   Growing up in Texas, I assure you just about everyone here loves Jackie Chan.   Any read the Manga I think was called Blank? Only had one vol ever made :/   I know it says no DC talk, but i did one time read a Batman Manga that actually covered some of the time he trained in Japan.   Tell him he has to walk around back to the Garage since the front door is broken.   This just in. . .Sandman Movie is about a man who sells mattresses.   He still has his cash iirc...it is just frozen.   Sandman Overture.   It is a nice mustache.   I was thinking the same thing. It would be a whole lot easier for DC to make an animated Dark Universe series.   This. So much this. Bring back the art style of He-Man for Amethyst.   Anyone else disappointed the Wonder Twins in JL3k didn't end up being these wonder twins?   The second issue after his dad comes back has a bit a feels in it.   Not currently, no. I am reading Supreme Blue Rose.   I'm not even sure what I read in Divinity!   #3 came out this past week and I had to drive across the metroplex to find a copy.   [Album](http://imgur.com/a/fynBk)  My local shops all seemed to run out of Divinty #1 so had that ordered. Same with The Valiant #2. I really need to remember to add items to my pull list.  Didn't realize the Ant-Man movie Prelude part 1 was already out so got me a copy.  Ordered the Auxiliary Cover for Lady Death Apocalypse #1. Always wanted to check out the series, but never felt like playing catch up. This issue really summed it up well.  Ordered Sandman Vol. 6-9, finally completeing my collection (I already had vol. 10 when a shop had a closing sale). Have five trades to binge read now.  Swamp Thing N52 Vol. 5 came in same order (which I placed 1 week before IST had a massive DC sale T.T) It is an excellent story and can't wait for vol. 6.  Last is Sandman #19. Found at a local shop when I was searching for my favorite issue (#18). It is the corrected version, but is still a very fine issue.    I only have Android. The show is doomed T.T   Ok so I need to go stream the episodes that are available on hulu 24/7 for 2 months?    All the DC shows. Havent decided to binge watch Marvel's yet. Don't have cable so waiting for Walking Dead S5 to come on Netflix.  On a side note, if Supernatural ever ends I would love a comic book continuation.   Unbreakable 2   I always wanted to buy an Action Comics #1 and make origami out of the pages. I think it would make a great Art Exhibit.   Nice OpSec yo!   Longer deeper hits while having the lighter burning it. If your bic wont stay lit try getting a torch lighter or a cheap one you can rig to get a bigger flame.   I cam see Gross being 2nd season's Big Bad since Reverse Flash seems to be where it is gonna end this season.   If you haven't read them yet, The Death Deluxe trade has some good stories.   Such a good story.   Morpheus is the Dreamiest.   ohh ohh Jerome.  ooh ohh Jerome   I'm screamin' at nothin Jerome  You got me for nothin Jerome   ohh ohh Jerome.  ooh ohh Jerome    I usually go a couple days between reading sessions. I'll always finish a single issue right then if I start it. I'll read a few at a time, but if I notice myself drifting off I will finish the issue I am on and take a nap (reading tends to knock me out, even comics). I have no real preference on singles vs trades. Occassionally I'll read a whole trade in one sitting, just depends on how well it sucks me in.    Sensodyne is an amazing toothpaste for sensitivity   The back camera is crazy clear and doesnt take long at all to get a crystal focus. Never really used the selfie camera.   For the longer movies 10 more minutes for intermission isn't going to affect the number of showings. A 3 hour movie with 15 minutes of trailrrs and 30 minutes minimum between the ending and starting of a movie in a particular auditorium, gives you 225 minutes between start times. Say they open at 9am and close at 11pm, that gives you 14 hours to schedule as many as possible. You still only get 3 showtimes in one auditorium. 10 more minutes for an intermission per movie won't really change that. Now if it's for a two hour movie the intermission will cut into potential showtimes.   Well, we are just 15 years from the next 30's. It may just be time to bring it back.   Tuesdays right after Flash.   Have a little Scottie Young Hulk or Iron Man in the corner holding a sign with how many minutes left in the intermission while doing a little jig. I would pay a premium to get that kind of intermission in long movies.   I wouldnt ming them doing Seasons like those of Sherlock. Give us a couple of really good 2 hour episodes each season and I'll be happy.   Not that I drive drunk or anything, but Uber needs to service further south. Desoto isnt even on the map to them.   Anyone have any experience with any of these titles? Not too fond of BandW comics, but a deal is a deal if they are good stories.      I agree, when he ends up on Earth 2 I started enjoying the book again.   If you can find the album at walmart it will be the clean version. Thats wherr I bought it back in Jr. high amd was promptly disappointed. However going back the the Speakerboxx edited version, it is pretty funny. My copy of Lovr Below was stolen for some reason. . .   Majority of my DC pulls cancelled T.T   He couldve put unlicensed pharmacist.   Try scanning your whole machine for picture files.    I got mine and noticed little other than ATandT bloatware.    Meh   Good Lorde is my only saviour.   Linkme: Assembly of Worlds   Well we are in the Android subreddit ...   It goes about as far south as Oak Cliff.   Well Uber is now ATandT bloatware it seems. I hear good things about the service, but will probably never use it since it doesn't service the suburb I live and work in just south of Dallas.  Linkme: Uber   Timelapse of the Great Pyramids being built.   Because it is my birthday today of course.   Isn't the first trailer going on 6 years old?   Lord Andrew Bennett. Just a Vampire Badass. Had his own series called I, Vampire at the beginning of the New 52. Was also in JLD for a little bit.   I've only played three of them. Heroes of Steel is a fairly standard RPG, but still pretty fun. Star Traders is a neat Space Captain game. Star Traders 4X Empires is in same realm as Star Traders, but way more macro where you control all the factions more or less. Takes some getting used, but is pretty decent.   I'm not familiar with tablets, but Play Music has an option to move all files to the SD card.   That list is like half my DC pulls :/   On 5, my friend wanted to get high for the first time. So we made a night out of it. He wasn't sure if he was feeling it so I put on Justice Cross over a decent pair of gaming headphones. The moment Genesis started he knew he was high and loved the album even more than before.  On 9, sometimes you might not know you are susceptible to Cannabis-induced Psychosis until it is too late. Know your family's medical history, folks. I used to be a heavy smoker and now I can barely be in the same room as someone smoking.   Was actually visiting family down in the valley. Never thought my first White Christmas would be in South Texas.   Either The Lightbringer's Wings or Dream's Mask. No oarticular reason.   They'll likely mail a check.    It took me a week.   This happened to me last year for a Comic on Play Books, Went from like 14$ to just $4. I just submitted a request for refund and Google didn't mind helping me out in the refund. I even put the reason as "I bought this right before it went on sale". I then bought the comic plus a couple more with the savings.   Crazy encoding with theatre specific keys. Shoot, even if you record it while it is playing the MPAA has ways to find out exactly which theatre you were at.   My theatre was told to put the advertising instorage. And yea movies is usually delivered the day before over the internet and sometimes by harddrive.   Most Cinemas never close short of power outages.   You must be related to that Chocolate Chip puddin he gave out. . .   Dallas too for the Central TimeZone. Whenever I visit different parts of the country for a week or so, I always seem to miss shows I was trying to watch. It just seems so weird to think that 8pm is THE timeslot when being raised around 7pm   8pm Eastern Time Zone and 7pm Central Time Zone   https://www.humblebundle.com/?gift=H8XxqPmnYXntd6nT  Have at it folks.   I've been using Best App Sale. They recently updated to include Xbox Games.  Linkme: Best App Sale   Earlier this year I nabbed them both for a total of like $11. First was ~$4 and the second ~$7. So this $10 is probably not a mistake.   I wonder if Google Play will be having a similar sale like last year. I scored Animal Man 1-3, Swamp Thing 1-3, Teen Titans 1-3, Red Hood 1-3, Both Hawkman, JL 1 and 2, JLI 1, JLD 1-2, Batman Inc 1, DC Universe Presents 1, and I, Vampire 1 all for like $4 each. Got me started in the Comic World. If it is just a bunch of Vol. 1's I'll be a little disappointed, but a deals a deal when you still got more stuff to read.   Oh I definitly have it. In 10 months I've earned $11.87 which i used it on Heroes of Steel Elite on sale, Darkside of the Moon when it was 99¢, and other sales. Only got 87¢ currently.   I've been waiting for DQ VIII to go on sale, too bad it is between paydays :/   I wouldnt be surprised if Sony gave thr Movie Chain CEOs a heads up that they were going to pull the movie before acrually announcing. Letting the initial shock/blame go to the Cinemas is a lot better than the alternative of Sony taking all the blame at onve.   I imagine he would be in charge of coordinating all the others.   Yea theatres were told to put Interview Ad Materiels in storage for now, so there is some hope.  Source: I work at a theatre.   I actually dont mind the portrait. Sure it is different from practically every other game on store, but being able to play with one hand is nice.   Cancer posts are cancer. So both you and I are cancer.   No go for HTC One M8 :/   I'm offended you assumed just because I am on reddit that I am a young, white, male teen.   No actual Genre menus on the Tivo app, apart from what they choose to let you see. :/   Oh no, the lady and I definitly had a Cera moment. I just got out of there before I saw husband's reaction.   Not really no.   Dragon Quest 3 has a quick save slot so you can do spurts of grinding when you have the time during the day. This is the only Dragon Quest game where you can decide the class od your party members, so the options of how you want to play is excellent.   The other day at work a guest dropped something and we both bent down to pick it up. Face full of cleavage and her husband right next to us. I just turned away and wished them a good day.   Or do the opposite so this lady can stay in jail?   So is Shadowman going to be Continuing? Just finished the 5 trades and about to read the Punk Mambo One shot and loved it all.  Half way through Supernatural season 9 after starting the series two months ago. I'm really regretting not recording the 10th season as it airs.   The art is absolutely stunning.   I can get one but not the other at the moment. Which one should I pick?   Me too, considering I was in the stoner crowd for the last half of high school. I was more into The Orb and various House music.   I was just on sale for 99¢ the other week. Ivknow I bought since I never listened to it. I imagine the sale helped with the rankings.  	103
 Yep. Here's hoping the kids are decent human beings and will help out their parents considering all the sacrifices the parents made for them.    I'm all about photographer's rights, and no, the guy absolutely did not handle the situation correctly. But people need to mind their own damn business sometimes. Did she really need to be up in the middle filming it? No. She just needed to feel important. Back the **** off while people do their jobs. Any idea how freaking dangerous it could have been for her to be in the middle of a SWAT situation? Completely ignorant on her part.   After being on Flickr for ten years now and over the past few years crossposting things to Twitter, Facebook, and now Tumblr over the past couple of weeks - I'm kind of wondering what the point is. Anyone else started to wonder this after awhile?  I shoot documentary, street, everyday life type of stuff and I have no desire to become a professional. It's an art/hobby thing for me only. I have a portfolio web site so I seem "legit" to people I meet. I'm also applying for a local grant in the fall so it seemed like a good idea to have that presence.  I have a blog because I enjoy it. I also like to have access to flip through some of my old photos from time to time. It can be motivating for me.  But things like Flickr, Twitter, Tumblr I'm starting to feel disillusioned with. I get likes on my photos and all that but it really means nothing to me. I mean, it's nice and all but it means absolutely nothing. Most comments are just people wanting you to click on their profile and look at THEIR stuff. It's starting to seem a little pointless to me.  It's made me wonder WHY exactly I even feel the need to share my photography. I don't think it's a bad thing, but in an objective sense, I just kind of wonder what the point is. You know?    Get new friends   Ugh. I lived there for awhile because of the same situation. Boyfriend had a kid. Ended up resenting both him and the kid because I was so unhappy and isolated there. Unless you are a mom, good luck finding friends or like-minded people. Commuting two hours a day has the potential to make things even worse as far as resentment. It was a really unhealthy situation for me because every time we had an argument which was unfortunately a frequent occurrence anyway, I would wonder why I have given up everything to live there. Not good.    Where the heck is Heckingers?  Sorry, had to do the obvious.   Jesus, worse than the fight is the ignorant bitch screaming in the background the whole time   "Norfolk Chesapeake and the other 7 cities are no more than a half hour drive"  Depends on what time you are driving there. But typically its wayyy longer an a half hour and extremely frustrating.   I've lived in Richmond for two years and was in Hampton Roads for 12 before that. I can't believe that hellacious traffic became normal. Well - not normal. Expected, but still infuriating.    I just came here to ask about this. Saw these plastered EVERYWHERE on campus over the weekend. I was wondering if his friends played a joke on him, or if he tried to spank the wrong girl.   Henrico does have a limit technically, but they don't enforce it unless some serious shit goes down. I was told this by a Henrico Animal Control officer personally.   Agree with Louisville!   I went there last year and can attest to this.  City on the river. Lots of hipsters. Farm to table restaurants. Craft beer. Art galleries. Food trucks.  I liked it a lot actually. I'd driven through it a million times but never spent any actual time there.   Yep, along with building a nest on my window AC unit starting around 5am. F--k birds.   Grove Ave Family   Cosmetic Dentistry   Yep! My local store matched the price of Amazon, so I bought there.   I used to be a police dept analyst down in Hampton Roads. It's really weird living up here and not knowing that kind of stuff anymore (since I no longer work in LE). I'm not sure if not knowing makes me feel worse, or oddly, better (ignorance is bliss)    I use pivot tables in my job - data analysis   thanks all!!!   I moved up to Richmond a couple of years ago and am still exploring the area. I really love road trips, Americana, and motels from the 1950s-1960s - so I headed down Route 1 for a bit this weekend and was not disappointed.  Are there any other historic routes like this in the state?   I stopped obsessing about this because a) I don't print much and b) there are so many variations of monitors out there that even if it looks good on mine, it may look horrible when other people view it. Not to mention most people are just flipping through Flickr and my blog on their phone...   I think it's just a trade-off. You'll never be able to spend as much time as you want doing whatever you want, when you have a family. This is why I personally don't want children!   Why are we enabling this idiot and feeding his ego?  Seriously, who cares about this dude.   The more of an asshole you are to complete strangers, the more hardcore you are. :)  Seriously, I've read about street photographers being yelled at, harassed, physically confronted and had the cops called on them. Almost all of them have that in your face, dick-ish style. Really, what do they expect? I walk around, do my thing, talk to people and treat them like human beings and that seems to work out okay for me. But to each their own. I think some people just like confrontation and drama.     I don't ask because it ruins the moment. Also, I've had people say no in response to the dumbest things. I asked an old man a few weeks ago if I could take a photo of his shoes. He said no thank you. Very nice and friendly in his response, but it was a no. I said it would just be his shoes, nothing identifiable in the photo. He smiled and said no thank you.   That stuff drives me crazy because I don't understand the big deal. If I had just taken a photo of his shoes and kept on walking, I could apologize later and still get the shot. After all, it was just a pair of shoes. But since he said no, if I took the shot after that then I would have felt like a complete asshole.   So no, I don't ask. UNLESS I have already struck up a conversation with someone. Then I ask.    Hey! I ended up not going because it was a little on the cold side. I will probably head out there one of these upcoming weekends. Definitely appreciate the suggestions, they have really helped me plan things!   It's totally macho bullshit. Some of the stuff out there I can't stand - photos of people being surprised or angry on the street, with flash in their face. It says nothing about the city, or society - just "here's a person I surprised". Not personally my style, but to each their own. Some "street photographers" do pride themselves on being the biggest assholes possible.   As a female street photographer, I don't get taken seriously in "street photography" communities. I stopped bothering years ago. I don't like the elitism. I shoot what I like, I document my city, I get out and talk to people. Good enough for me.     See, I'm kind of the opposite. If I were going to hire a professional photographer, I would look first at their portfolio and their blog. That's not to say that I wouldn't hire one that didn't have a blog - but that's what I look for first. I don't even pay attention to Facebook/Instagram for hiring people. Mainly because every stay at home mom with a DSLR has a "photography business" with a Facebook page. I weed those out to an extent by focusing on people with an actual web site.   A blog is great because I like to follow local photographers' work that I like, and I still use an RSS reader.    Pretty much. This is how I feel about photography forums in general lately. Pictures of XYZ are cliche, don't use zoom lenses because that makes you a loser, don't do this, don't do that. God, who cares. Most of us will never become famous for our photography and I think, or hope, most of us accept that... so just shoot what you want to shoot and who cares what other people like or say about it.   I hear you. I have the same issue with my job. It's reddit, it's Facebook, it's Twitter, it's negativity and drama everywhere. I do feel like there are more trolls on reddit though. Not so much this sub but just in general. It's just getting old.     	29
 400$ in a week? wow, I made that much in a month when I had a job.. Before my nervous breakdown.. And that's a good beginner salary here in my shitty country. I just can't force myself to work in a 9-5 job with negative people to earn a bare living :// but congrats for you! I know how hard these things for us, while others have no idea why we're anxious.  	1
 Breakfast   Take one host and ask Jesus to multiply it. I heard he has a neat trick for the wine, too.   Can I compliment your username? It seems appropriate for an OB/GYN surgery assistant.   Artful, beautiful, classic movies make more money for a production company over the long haul than a stream of bad movies.   The Dark Knight Rises. Swear to God. Sometimes it just takes the little victories (hey not yet, that cool new movie is coming out) (hey not yet tomorrow is pancake day) (hey not yet the Daily Show is coming back from break today). I think the question is flawed. When you have depression, nothing suddenly snaps you out of it like the climax of a movie. It's a thousand little victories every day.   A paradoxical nope in water: Can't kill it with fire.   About ten years ago, I convinced my little brother's best friend that I was adopted. He still believes this.    My roommate had an underwear hanger that he would stick to the door with suction cups.   First, who dafuq has an underwear *hanger*?  Second, of all the places in the dorm, the very last place your underwear belongs is right in my fuckin' face every time I need to exit our dorm.  Third, those had better be the clean pairs.   Is that you, Milton?      I'm looking for a product, or designs for a product that I can build for myself, that is going to intentionally inflict pain when I am procrastinating.  In order for this to be viable for my personal use, I need something that ideally:  1) hurts like a bitch on command but will cause no permanent damage  2) can be unobtrusive to wear  3) doesn't get blood everywhere or create a mess of any kind  4) doesn't impede movement, for example it makes no sense to hurt my feet if I'm trying to stop procrastinating on my run.  5) can securely sync with google calendar  6) is cheap  7) can run for a long time without recharging  8) maybe can be physically difficult to get off, but not so difficult as to be impossible in the result of malfunction.    If anybody has any ideas, hit me back. Please don't test prototypes on humans or animals. Thanks    I don't mean to hijack your post, but I might have something valuable to say here.  About two years ago I was in a massive electrical accident. I was working on a film set with a 35 foot green screen draped over an alleyway. Sometimes we do this to make the alley look super long in post. Anyway, We had an 18k and a 12k lighting the scene from behind the green screen. That just means that we had an 18 thousand watt light on a big metal stand right next to a 12 thousand watt light on a slightly smaller metal stand, raised up so they can shoot light over this really big green drape.   Anyway, it was kinda misty out and some part of the 18k circuit touched the metal body of the light. The electricity traveled down the metal stand, across my chest, and to the other metal stand, to the ground. .002 amps can kill you. I got over 180.  I went into shock. They rush me to the hospital and I get the works: EKG, blood work, even this weird treadmill test. Apparently, I have a really big heart due to my asthma. It makes my heart rate really low, so the shock got me between beats, saving me from heart failure and death.  Anyway, after a few days of recovery, I noticed something odd. Some of the colors in my environment seem odd. Strange. Alien. Like they didn't exist. Couldn't exist. Definitely hadn't existed before.   I got checked out by a neuroscientist who gave me a buttload more tests. In the end, he concluded that my brain was healthy but that some new neural connections had been made by the electric shock. Your brain works on electricity, generated by chemical reactions. And as the electricity travels down certain paths, the paths get strengthened. So when you practice doing a cartwheel over and over, your brain follows the same neural path over and over until the connections are super strong.  Though most of the electricity went through my chest, some of it made it to my brain, giving me an electrical concussion and manually rewrote some of my neural connections. And however my brain had encoded color got a big dose of "not anymore, bitch."  TL;DR : I see impossible colors that don't really exist. And if you're really want to imagine non-existent colors, you just need to hook yourself to a huge dose of electricity...and live.   It's a trap!   We know and we don't care. In fact, we don't even buy the food. The production company buys the food and gets paid back by the clients and the clients have no idea because they're never on set. And even if they were, there's no crafty security guard who's gonna shoot you in the dick for eating at crafty. If anything, crafty is there to keep the neighbors from getting pissed off at the extra traffic.    I guess the whole point of data based research is to shed light on what people actually believe rather than what you believe people believe because of what you've heard on your travels. You don't need to poll every single person in the US to get a representative sample. The margin of error in the report was only 2.2 percent.  	15
 Get rid!   Contact her, you know you want to. Imagine how you would feel if she has succeeded.     I feel like you just described my relationship with my Father. I've got to the stage, where-if I don't say goodbye then he will do nothing but continue hurting me[mentally} Nothing I do pleases him, he's a terrible husband to my Mother but she puts up with it and he's an aweful role model for my 2 younger brothers. The next time I visit, I'm going to tell him exactly how I feel and why, in private of course. Then I'm never going to look back again.  I'm looking forward to this day. I know there will be a back lash when my Father tells my Mum. But I'll tell her it has nothing to do with her, I still love her and it's up to her if she wants to stay in contact with me.    It takes families a long time to adjust. Give them time. Well done for not hiding who you are.    Throw the dirty plates at them in revenge! Mwahahahaha!   You are a very lucky man to have such a wonderful daughter, now PULL YOURSELF together!!!! Your daughter shouldn't have to do that. DON'T make her!  Take your meds and get better, for her.    Stay out of that environment and start fresh. Good luck with the new you! :)   How old are you zombie_princess?   Yanno, you sound like a lovely guy, one day a lovely girl is going to thank her lucky stars that she found you. Keep smiling, you have the rest of your life ahead of you. :)   Family break up is always bad. I have my daughter every other weekend now. She's 6 years old. I'm her Mum-her Dad won custody when he kicked me out to get with the neighbour he was cheating on me with. He got custody because I was too weak/nieve at 18 years old to fight properly in court. By the time I got my act together it was too late. No matter what happens between your ex wife and you-try to keep things as routine as possible for your daughter. If you haven't already-contact a solicitor. It's better to have an agreement on paper over custody than nothing at all.   Good luck.   That happens all the time and you just have to learn to blatantly keep the gap closed between you and the person in front of you. If there's no room there, then they can't stand there-also you always have the option of calling the bouncer, and very politely/innocently telling him about the problem. The more sweet and innocent you come across to a bouncer the more chance you have of him doing something about it.  I've worked in 6 bars in six years and all the bouncers work that way.   Also, always smile at bouncers within the club, say hi etc. Make the bouncers recognise you, it helps too. :)    congratulations :)     Be strong dude, you're at school . ..you have plenty of time before you start worrying about being forever alone. Wait til you're a bit older,  and fuck about/have fun before you look at settling down.    That sounds horrible. Hugs from me :)    Maybe it's pants then.   He's a frill seeker.    Do it anyway.    She is obviously a drain on resources currently. However, give her a chance, send her on some training courses if possible. Give her every opportunity to learn the skills she needs for the job. DON'T dissmiss her so quickly, as she may really want to do well and progress. If after a few months-nothing has improved then it's time to talk to the 'powers that be' within your company and discuss your reasons why she should go. Try to be kind to her as using her looks, is probably all she 'currently' knows how to do.   p.s Don't forget, depending on what you're selling aka cars/building materials{are most of your clientèle male?}  put her on the floor, even if she's only giving them a small amount of info or offering tea/coffee, male customers will want to stay longer. Beware though, female customers could feel threatened by her-if she is that gorgeous.    Not when it's an almost full bottle it wouldn't.    Man the fuck up!!!   But you still use reddit. It's addictive.   That's my ex's name.  He's my first choice.     Well technically speaking . .    cute. :)   Awesome choice! Have an up vote.    My ex, for making my daughter's life miserable. Also my own Dad, he's a penis.    Be very careful of doing this. 1}In the future the Father may go for full custody and/or try to be controlling over your daughter. You will have to deal with your daughter asking the question of why she doesn't live with you when she is older(age 6 or 7ish} My situation is what you currently want. Except I didn't choose to see my daughter alternate weekends. It was decided in court. I was 18 and heart broken. I wasn't able to fight logically in court. So he got custody. My daughter is now 6 and I'm 24. I'm going back to court soon for full custody.  This is after he has shown that he does not have her best interests at heart. Court is very stressful and often very expensive. It also takes months.   Also, if you work -you will have to pay maintenance. But whatever you decide to do, make sure your time with your daughter is fun and busy. Do things with her like finger painting and reading stories. If you put her in front of the tv, sit with her and ask her what her favourite bit of the program was etc. Spending quality time with her is more valuable than anything that costs money. x   He's a redditor too. . .  ;)   Okay, well every now n then. we could kidnap some hansom lad and rape him all night. . .   It ended up as sex, so awesome work :)    I dunno, the kinky side of me was lighting up . .   I'm not married but I've been with my partner for 3 years. I adore him. However, the thought of spending the rest of my life with one person is scary. I'm only 24 -not the recommended age to settle down.  I think that once a ring is placed on the finger, reality sinks in that you really are with this person forever. That is a very scary thought.    why would you want to shit out a puppy that's fucking. You're into  Bestiality paedophilia aren't you? Oh and for the pup to be fucking, you would need to shit out two of them.     No.  Imagine the clawing at your insides. It almost reminds me of the movie Aliens! Also the fur would give you chronic heart burn.    I love him because he's awesome, he's mine and he has a good, honest heart. I feel all soppy now. WTF have you done to me? Now have to go n give him a snog!   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Clitoris_anatomy_labeled-en.svg  Especially for you.    I feel a reference to Schrödinger's cat coming on . .     Bless my child. You will learn one day.    It's more like a debt as he wants to 'pay her back' .  . . Give your woman this without getting anything return.  . .Unless she wants to that is. .  ;)    It is, which is why when a cat is able to go outside the scratching furniture happens much less and eventually stops. They do their scratching outside instead.    Har har!    The day I met my man of 3 years. We now have a mortgage together. I'm only 24 so I'm pretty proud of that.   Least: My best friend is 33 and hasn't had sex for 12 years due to not being able to pull. He's a weed smoking computer geek working as a sous chef. He went to Amsterdam and told me he was 'too stoned' to go to the red light district. ---Real reason-he was nervous. Poor chap.    "listen the shit out of her"  Have an up vote.    No it isn't!  We love them. Give us a clit and g-spot one every time and we'll love you forever!   NOT a cage. That's horrible. Would you like to be stuck in a cage???   I know exactly what you mean. Maybe we should become lesbians? ;P   Sarcasm will get you no where.   Aha, now I know the secret, I'll tell women everywhere! To be honest though, I was expecting something a little more exciting. lol.    Females don't spray like males do. Make sure you keep her in for at least 4 weeks before letting her out. {the official recommended time is six  weeks} Also make sure she is spade and has had flea and worm preventer too. For now, get a cover, like a large sheet and cover your sofa etc. Spray her with water, any time she goes near the furniture that she scratches. Give her a treat whenever she uses the litter tray and when ever she uses the scratch pad. Get her more than one  scratch post and put them in areas that she spends most of her time. If you go out, make sure she cannot get into the room with the most 'scratchy' furniture. Only let her in that room when you are there too. This will get her to think that coming in that room is a treat. Keep to that rule until she stops completely.   You can buy cat repellent spray. Put it everywhere that she's not allowed to scratch.   I've been a cat breeder for the last year and the above is tried and tested.  DO NOT get your cat de-clawed. It is cruel because cats use their claw for defending themselves{against other cats outside}, catching mice/ scratching behind their ears/stopping themselves from falling via the grip-e.g on a fence if they lose their balance. When your cat has been in for at least four weeks, and you start letting her out, the scratching habit will quickly die down.   Last of all, get her toys, especially if she's a young cat. Particularly ones with dangley bits and catnip inside. You can buy cat nip spray to 'refresh' her toys with too.   GOOD LUCK :)      I disagree. It's a bit like a puzzle. If you're a problem solver{which needs a degree of intelligence} then you won't find it so hard. Women do give off clues, you just have to find them.  However, I do detest women that purposely try to confuse their partner. I only become more quieter, because I'm not ready to talk about what ever is bothering me just yet, usually when the issue is not directly related to him.   Ah of course the U.S.  This is absolutely ridiculous and must be stopped. Are there not any organisations that campaign against this mistreatment?   {Not trying to rub it in but} We also get it all free. The government is trying to lower the amount of teenage pregnancies. We also can have abortions for free too. The latter narks me off because they are too freely available and some women use them for contraception.    Why thank you :)   No he doesn't seem bothered. If he's too tired then that is that. Don't get me wrong I get it. For the average couple, I think we do have a good amount of sex. However, it's just not enough for me! I WANT MORE DAMMIT!!!!   You ARE odd.     Good, it shrinks when it gets cold.    Tell them to grow a pair.    Fair enough lol. :)   Question, why do you call yourself 'Papa'Bear when you are quite obviously female? Shouldn't it be 'Mama'Bear?    Are your friends that incapable that they can't get laid without help?   	59
 Hi, I just want you to know that you're not alone, I have panic attacks too and I have no way of controlling them. Especially recently. You can't stop crying, you can't stand, you can't breathe. It's terrifying, but you are definitely not alone, hopefully we can find ways of coping  	1
 Not had much sleep, other than drug addled dozing and confusing dreams. Starting to feel as though I am going crazy now, maybe the pain is all in my head? :-(   Thank you. I have been scanned and prodded and poked. There is a cyst on the left, but they think it is too small to be giving me so much pain. They can't see anything else going on in there, so I am waiting it out on painkillers to see if it is muscular. If the pain continues, they will have to go in to check for adhesions from previous cyst removals, or to see if the cyst has formed near a nerve.   Probably not, because he actually loves them.   Thank you.    He has no empathy at with others, and cannot imagine hiw he would feel in given scenarios. He can see the pros and cons of divorce, but not how it would affect me or the kids.  And no, he is not being a good husband.   :-)    Thank you.   We were fairly certain who spiked the drink (there were two of who were spiked). But because I was so sick with it and couldnt speak, I couldn't tell anyone who was with me what had happened. I had actually stopped drinking about an hour and a half before this happened and my friend and I shared the drink that she was given. The police took a report at the hospital, but told me that there was little they could do unless they actually caught them doing it. There were no cameras in the bar where we were, so no proof as to who did it.   I am not planning on rushing into a divorce tonight. This has been hapoening for the last two weeks and I have been thinking a lot on it.  I am seeing the therapist on my own, with the option of him attending if he chooses to do so.   I made an appt with a marriage therapist and asked him to come. He didn't.  He has told me that he is not sure he loves me, or wants to be in the marriage, but he wont make a decision.   I would probably ask them to get counselling or get out.  He wouldnt go to counselling, so....   Apparently my husband :-(     Thank you.  I arranged a marriage therapy session last week and asked him to come. He didn't. He tells me he needs time to work out what he wants. I am pretty sure it is not me or the kids.  I have had to take a dose of Percocet. I haye doing this when I am alone with the kids, but I waited until they were asleep and I hooe they don't wake in the night as it is hard for me to thimk ckearly. But otherwise I was going to be in agony.  He will probably not even tell his friends I am ill, he will just say I am fine.  I will talk to him tomorrow and lay it on the line that his behavour has gone beyond the imaginable and that he either sorts himself out fast or I am gone.  And I will get medical attention too.   Thank you. I am not in a position to kick him out sadly. We live in a house owned by his employers and moved to the US for his job two years ago. But I do have an action plan to move back to the UK with the kids if he cannot resolve his issues soon.   I didn't get the whole going out with an 8am meeting either.   I have taken the stongest pain meds I have, even though I hate to take them when I am alone with the kids. I am hoping to get some sleep before he gets home and no doubt wakes me up coming in. Got the tv on to provide some background noise and the kids are settled in bed after lots of cuddles in bed with me.  I will be trying to get proper medical help tomorrow morning.   I really only wanted him to drop me off at the ER before he went out. I had sorted everything else despite feeling awful, kids were fed etc. I have spoken to friends and family, but we moved two years ago for his job, from home to the USA. So there is a seven hour time difference and a few thousand miles between us.   I posted here under a throwaway in the last few days (mythrowawayisaokay) describing how my marriage was going through a lot of problems.  I have been suffering with an ovarian cyst for the kast week and today at about 3pm, it got really bad with pain, nausea, chills. My husband was out playing vollyball/wallyball with friends at work, and I knew I couldn't reach him until he got home. I also knew he was planning on going out tonight with friends from work.   I called my friend and told her the situation, and asked if she would watch the kids, if he dropped me off at the ER (only place I can get meds and nausea meds at this time in the evening) and then went on to his night out. She was fine with this.  When he got home I told him how I was feeling and he asked was my phone charged in case I needed to call him to go to the ER in the night. I said that I felt that I needed to go now and that I had sorted childcare so he could still go out.   He got a bit stroppy and said he would cancel his night out if I needed to go to the hospital now so he could watch the kids.  I told him I had sorted childcare and he didn't need to cancel. I felt he was getting angry at me for making him cancel so I told him to just go out and that I would sort myself out. Stupid I know, I should have just gone with it and taken him being moody for the next few months.  He started getting ready and I went to lay down on the bed with a bowl as I felt really sick. The kids (4 and 7) were coming in and out asking if they could look after me. I was trying to make them see I was ok (but not actually ok) so they wouldn't worry and agreed they could stay up for a while to help me. He told them they had to go to bed "to help me out" and the kids got upset because he was telling them the opposite of what I had said. He then got mad because the kids were asking me what to do. He told them to do "whatever" because they were not going to listen to him anyway.  The kids were upset that he was getting angry so i sent them off to play. He started getting mad because I was trying not to throw up, and really upset with the pain and his attitude. He told me that I always ruin his plans to go out with his friends. I asked him when this had last happened and he told me last July. The story behind that is that I went out with friends, drank too much, ended up with my drink being spiked and taken to hospital. After that I was having really bad anxiety attacks for a week after and he stayed home with me to look after me. Apparently he was supposed to go out at some pint then, but cancelled it to be with me. Nothing since then has stopped him going out.  He also told me that he is fed up that 'every year' I have to go to hospital for one thing or another and he has to take care of me.  Last year I was in hospital because of the night out, and I also got very sick with a separate ovarian cyst which had to be surgically removed. What he forgets is that I also had my tubes cut at the same time so that he didnt have to have a vasectomy after deciding our family was complete.  I was not in hospital the year before. The last time I was in hospital for anything (to my memory) was in 2009 when I was giving birth to our youngest child.  I just don't know what is goin on in his mind right now, but he was yelling at me for always ruining his time. The kids heard him yelling and came in telling him to stop making me cry. They were relly upset and once I had got them calmed down and off to do a 'job' for me, I told him he had lost any chance he had with me, that I was not going to let him upset me or the kids like that again. That he had friends waiting out in the street to go out and that he should just go. He started saying that he would cancel going out, but that he had a 8am meeting and he didn't want to be coming out in the middle of the night to pick me up when I got discharged.  I told him to just go. I don't need to be guilt tripped into not going to hospital by my own husband.  I certainly said some things tonight that were horrible to him. I told him exactly how I felt he was treating me. I told him that as far as I was cincerned, he had made up his mind about whether he wanted to be in this marriage or not.  Pain does stupid things to people, so maybe I will regret this tomorrow. Or the day after. But I will not let him hurt the kids like he did tonight.  They both came in for big cuddles once he had left, I told them they can talk to e about anything and I wont be upset or mad if they have questions. The 4 year old just wante some cuddles and reassurance, the 7 year old was much more upset and worried, althoug she was not able to express her worries. I have told her she can talk to me any time.  I talked about how sometimes they fight and argue and shout at each other, and that sometimes silly grownups do that too. But that we I will always protect them and love them and be there for them.  I just need to get through this pain and sickness tonight, then in the morning I can drop my youngest at daycare and my friend has said she will have my eldest so that I can get medical help. If things get worse in the night I will just have to do what I can to manage.  I just need people to talk to me tonight and keep me sane. Right now I feel that I am holding on to my sanity by a thread and the pain (emotional and physical) is so bad I want to scream.   TLDR: I think my marriage is over, I am in immense physical and emotional pain. Get me through the night please.  **edit** sorry for the horrible typos and spelling   Yes, but as I got older and was able to open up to those around me I learned that most people feel like this at some point in their lives. We just overthink it way more :-)   She has just been given an appt for a psychotherapist rather than a counselor as her anx/dep issues are severe. I am hoping that her Dr will put her on leave for a while so she can get sorted out.   I spoke to her for ages on Skype, tried to get her thinking better and more clearly. I checked she had taken her meds, had food etc. She is basically under a load of pressure at work and I think she is being bullied by her team leader and another woman. I gave her the number for a crisis line for depression, and asked her to see her Dr on Monday. I told her I would call her in the morning.   I don't think she is going to do anything tonight, but I am still feeling completely helpless and awful that I am not able to do anything but be there on Skype.   I have anxiety and depressive issues myself, along with a lot of issues stemming from her overdependance on me.  I couldn't get hold of my sister, and her own sister is pretty useless in general. She doesn't really have many friends (none that I can contact) and she split up with her long term partner at the end of last year.  What am I supposed to do to help her?    Edit: I have to be away from my PC for a while, kids need feeding etc. I will be back later. Thanks x   Thank you!   The process is called titration. It lets your body get used to a medication and the side effects of that slowly. If you go up too quickly, you may feel the side effects more. Also, Cipralex can take up to two weeks to feel a discernable difference in mood. Follow your psychs advice, there is no point in rushing the process and feeling awful from it. There is a reason they have given you that advice.   Yeah, I cope really badly with busy, noisy places. I feel lost and then the panic starts up. I have been trying to desensitise myself by starting with smaller, quieter places. Started going by myself to the supermarket when I knew it would be quieter, then a little more busy and so in. Went to quiet restaurants, then moved on to busier ones where there was more noise. Sports bars still freak me out because if all the aural and visual stimulus. I can now go to concerts etc, so long as I have someone with me, andI don't get left alone there. It is imoroving, but it is kind of a gradual training thing for me. HTH.   Sending you a hug for now so that I can mark this and come back a little later when i have a chance for a longer post xxx   It is a line from the Big Bang Theory   And this is funny because.....?   Good news: You are not the only one.  Bad news: I know this because of the number of times I have seen this on here already.  Sorry.   Enough with the re-posts of this image.   I am already on citalopram, and my Dr really doesn't want me on lorazepam etc. I just constantly feel as though something is going to show up in my background checks, or I am goung to make some huge faux pas in front of people.   I embarras easily and still go over events from 20+ years ago that still make me upset and embarrased. I always feel like I am faking my way through life, just to get through, day to day.     Here's a full list. :-)  http://www.thedenverchannel.com/sports/olympics/colorado-athletes-travel-to-sochi-for-the-2014-olympic-games   Perfect reply.   It is kind of a shame that they singled out ten of the twenty athletes participating from Colorado. Why not celebrate them all?   My Twitter is broken. What do I do now? :-)   This kind of freaked me out. I felt like I was drowning :-(   Oh god that took me so long to work out. I'm going back to bed.   I have just been introduced to autogenics by my therapist.   It is basically using the same phrases over and over to achieve a calmer and relaxed state.  I was really skeptical at first, but having done this three times a day for the last two weeks, when i say the first sentence now, I feel my whole body relax.  You don't have to even actually feel relaxed the first few times, just imagine the scenario it gives you and it encourages your body to relax automatically.  I am also on citalopram/cipralex and have just come off of lorazepam for GAD and panic attacks.  It does sound a bit new agey, but like I said, it really did help me, and I am going to continue doing it.  Here is a website that describes what to do - I just use the text at the bottom of the page - http://www.innerhealthstudio.com/autogenics.html   My So and I both commented last night that Corporate Kane got ripped!   I did this too! It used to be so much fun. Until I nearly fell down the stairs. LPT: Play this game on the ground floor!   My son is struggling to cope with the two recent bereavements we have had within the family. Both bereavements have led to either myself or my husband having to travel away for a period of time (we are living in the US and family is in the UK). He has been able to ask me questions, but it is hard to judge how much to tell him and how much detail to go into. He is showing signs of separation anxiety, but, he is also pretty smart, and I am finding it hard to know when he is genuinely upset, or just playing for attention! Thanks in advance for any help you can give.   Oh sorry! My tablet doesn't like spell check. At least I knew which word to use.   I actually have had a great education, thank you, and I am not sure what you mean by 'expand your vocabulary'. Are you attempting to say that by identifying a missued word, I am therefore lacking in the language department?   Yeah, that pic has been around long before today.    I'm really not sure if you are being serious, or not?   Definately*   And you want to be with her why?   Here is a picture of my rarity! She is called Cleo.  http://i.imgur.com/z3Wc6O8.jpg   There is nothing I can think of to say right now, I just wanted to send you a hug xxx   TIL how to say hyperbole.   I can't say flamingo.   She looks just like my kitty :-)   Oh yes, the very lovely Mr Hiddleston :-)       If you are from the UK, it is a bit like the texture of a dry digestive with the taste of a rich tea.   Thanks :-)   Nerf gun wars. We can both be stupid and immature. Lots of fun :-)   Thanks :)   I think you are quite right with it being a redirection - thank you for helping me realize that! I have felt so angry and hurt ever since the realization, I have gone into denial now about even talking about it. Ah well, at least we have a topic for next weeks session!   thanks :)   I will send you internet hugs for making me smile :)   How, how, how has Ken Dodd not been involved?   Towards the end of my therapy session today we were talking about my childhood and the lack of comfort and emotion given to me, and all of a sudden I had this massive realization that I don't have a single memory of ever being held, hugged, cuddled or comforted by my mother. I can remember specific, albeit, rare examples of my dad hugging me and comforting me, but absolutely nothing about my mother.  Now I feel like one massive cliche - my mother never loved me, I am so damaged etc.   F*ck.   What?? Damn, I am 33 and only just found this out!   http://imgur.com/wKcGZMa   I have seen and heard this before. When I saw it, it was a military plane, whitish grey, heading into Buckley. It came in ridiculously low over Southlands, set all the car alarms off, and had had people running out from buildings because of the vibrations and noise.  I was on a journey up Gun Club later that day and could see it parked up (do you park a plane?) south of Buckley Base about a mile from the road.   I was raised Christian in a Church of England family. We also had a few Roman Catholics and Protestants in the mix too. Religion was a fairly formal affair from when I was young until I turned about 8/9.   I would attend church services weekly as well as Sunday School. I honestly believed in God until I was about 10. When my parents separated, we didn't attend church anymore, other than for family events, weddings, christenings etc. I had asked to stop going to Sunday School as I never felt that they took my questions seriously, and it started to feel like a chore and pretense.  I no longer believe in a God figure. To be honest, I really am not sure of my beliefs. I feel that there must be more to life than just 'being', but as to what the purpose of life is, I really don't know.  I hold strongly in the idea that the fundamentals of any given religion are to be good to one another. I dislike that religions have become a competition about who is a 'better' person. I feel that religion is oftentimes used as an excuse for persecution, hate, war, murder.   As I was raised in the UK I had mandatory religious education for several years. Having moved to the USA I feel that learning about others beliefs and cultures has made me a more accepting and open person than a lot of the people I meet here.  I actually had a great conversation with a Sihk lady I met yesterday. She noticed my accent and we chatted about the differences between the UK and USA. Eventually religion came up (as it often seems to in conversations about the UK!) and she told me that she had lived in the USA for 18 years, when she met most people, they assumed she was 'a Muslim' because of her skin colour. She said she had been called all manner of rascist names because the people of the USA usually only knew of one religion outside of Christianity. She had been forced to explain herself and her religion over and over because no one knew about Sihkism. She had been demonised in peoples eyes simply because of a lack of knowledge and education.  Religion to me is akin to someone telling me exactly what I want to hear, so that I can feel better about my life. I cannot believe that we have all the answers. I cannot believe that books written and rewritten from centuries ago can hold the whole truth.   So I choose to believe that I should be kind to myself and others. That I should help those in need when I can. That I should graciously accept help from others in times of my need. That I should care for the planet, the animals, the people, so that future generations can see the beauty that there is in the world. That I should be accepting of those who choose their faith. That I should learn about others to understand them. That I should challenge people who mean harm to others. That I should not judge someone on their faith, but on their behaviour to others.  So, no, I am not religious. I guess that if I were to be labeled, I am agnostic. But I keep an open mind. Maybe one day I will find a different label to be. But for now, I am just me.   Very true.   Thank you :)   Thanks, check my edit :(   Thank you. I am hoping for option 1! Especially as I am now on the 3rd big panic attack of the evening.   Thank you x   Thank you. Good luck with your appointment too x   Please say it will be ok?  I have never seen a psychotherapist before, only counsellors back in the UK.  She seemed nice on the phone, but what if I dont feel I can talk to her? What if I do my usual thing of making it all seem ok and insignificant?  Hell, I really want to cancel that appt right now.  edit: UPDATE: So after double checking the time and date and address, I headed out today to my appointment. And she never showed up. I came home and there was a call from her this morning to check that the appt was still on, at the time I thought it was. So, unless she has a different place of work to the one she listed on her website (which when I arrived DID have her name on the door) I don't know what happened. Basically I just sat alone in a strange place for 90 minutes, having panic attacks, for nothing. I have left her a message to ask what happened and I am waiting for a call back now.  edit: UPDATE 2. So, she called me up and asked if I had recieved her message. I told her yes, but only after waiting at her office for an hour and then driving home. She did apologize, but basically said thet when I didnt return her call (left on my home number at 9.50am this morning) she though I wasn't coming, so didn't bother going to the office.  So apparently, if you have a standing appt with someone, call them three hours before the appt on thier home no, and they don't answer (be it they are at work, or the shops) it is fine just not to turn up.  I have been left pretty upset by this, she offered me another appt later this week, but I no longer feel I can trust her. Am I overreacting or being unreasonable in wanting to see a different therapist now?   And if you go to a pharmacy to get a pregnancy test (this is available in the UK for sure), they use the cheapest ones available. They cost about 20p per test when bought in bulk.   It sounds as though the impact force would have been enough to kill him anyway. When a drink driver is involved in an accident, their drunk state can actually help them survive as the automatic reflex to tense up on impact is inhibited, allowing them to basically flop around and in some cases receive less traumatic injuries.   I take Citalopram 20mg daily. It takes the edge off of my depression and anxiety without leaving me feeling numb to all emotions. I know that I would have much less anxiety if I were on 30mg per day, but I also know from taking that dose previously that I would not be able to 'feel' a full range of emotions including happines - more just 'meh' to everything.  I was recently on lorazepam for panic attacks, which worked really well when I needed it. I didn't want to take it long term though due to it being hard to get off of if you use it regularly.  I also believe that combining therapy and meds is most effective for me personally. I am starting sessions with a psychotherapist again in January. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy was helpful for me, in enabling me to rationalize my fears for the most part.   It really is a personal choice, and remember that medication can take several weeks to help you, and can sometimes make things seem worse to start with. If you choose to take meds, don't do it alone. Make sure a friend or family member knows what you are taking so that they can watch for any worsening moods, or changes in personality.  I hope that the information you get here helps, and that you find a way to live with the anxiety. It really sucks to miss out all the time because of the worries and panic in our heads.    Totally agree with you!   	74
 I'm an engineer too and you need to wait at least 3 years before applying.  In the meantime get your GPA and target respectable companies so when you apply you'll have some good experience on your side.   Scumbag brain bro.  That's why.   Can anybody vouch for this cashmere v-neck sweater?  says its 100%   And yet white people still win at these award shows.  So what's your problem?   White people are allowed to watch BET.  White people have also won numerous Soul Train Awards as well.  Not sure what the issue is.   Get tested again in a few months.  Sometimes it takes awhile for dat herp to manifest.   Exactly.  My heart jumped a bit when I saw Duke was mentioned... because they're on my short list.  I don't want to go to a school with an online program for the reasons you listed.   While I agree with you on the merits of an online MBA, I don't think it carries a separate designation on your resume.  It'd simply say "MBA from School X".    The only other thing is that you may not have access to the same career services as the full time people, but even some of the top online MBAs are changing that and using it as another selling point for their program.  This is also why I wasn't interested in UNC's program.  Because they're spending too much time focusing on the online degree and I feel it would water down my full time degree if I was a student there.  The thing you miss out on most as someone getting an online MBA is the networking and relationships.  But if you're not switching careers then it may not be a big deal.   This seems more like an opinion than advice.    Who is actually complaining about this?  Plenty of people in retail work holidays.   These are selfish thoughts... but you're human and it's natural.  Don't feel too bad.  I've turned down girls and been a little upset when they moved on.  It makes absolutely no sense but I chalk it up to being human.   Well at least you're handling it well.  I'm impressed by your perspective on the situation.  Most guys would just go crazy and kill both parties or something.     Ah, good point.  I can just buy the shirt with 17 1/2, 36-37 and just have it tailored around my chest.  Thanks.  I'll look in the phone book and start with one shirt and see how it goes.   How'd you go about finding a tailor?  Also, I have really long arms, do you advise sizing for my arms but having a tailor adjust the fit around my chest and stomach for proper fit?   Nothing lasts forever... NOTHING. That may be the toughest thing to accept in life.   I wholeheartedly agree.  I've went through something similar and eventually just learned that I will have some good days and some bad days, but life goes on.  There is no magical moment when you just up and stop feeling emotions for someone you had a deep connection with for years.  It doesn't work like that.  But you get *better*... and that's all that really matters.  Once I stopped searching for that feeling of completely being over it my life improved.   I think Priscilla is better cohesive effort but there are a couple of songs on here I like more than any one song on Priscilla.   I think you should change the name to Looktastic.  Lookastic sounds weird when I say it out loud.  Otherwise, I like it.  Also, how do you sign up?  I wanted to see where to buy some of the clothes.   Can somebody help me understand the purpose of the light box?  Is it mostly for still shots of small inanimate objects?   Locals keep laughing at me when I say I want to get snow tires.  They say I just need to get used to driving in the snow.  Are snow tires really worth it?  They're expensive.   Georgia.      You should kick your groomsman out of the party.  He's being an asshole.   There's nothing THAT bad about this honestly.  Why chase a real relationship if you don't want one?  You are who you are.  As long as it's not affecting your job and you're not hurting anyone... what's the big deal?   I'm curious as to how you did it without photoshop.  If you don't mind sharing, please do.  Thanks.   Did you get rid of the pine comb in Lightroom too?    Could it be?  The rare unpopular opinion makes an appearance.   Of all the things I've seen on this site, I somehow don't believe this.     Beat me to it... I was gonna say, "Now go ahead and delete your Reddit account and truly be a badass"   You think a female would be safe in some of these situations?   He really is.  I'm just glad I got put onto him.  You should check out his shows, dude is a great performer as well and since he's indy he's approachable too.  I chopped it up with him for about 20 mins after a show he had in Minneapolis.  Told him to keep making the music and his time will come.  Some of the songs like "Walk Away" and "Fool" should easily be the backdrop for a somber scene in a movie.   YESSSS!!!!  I pre-ordered the vinyl.  Bumping the digital download heavy today.  What's the best place to discuss this kind of music?  I'm not even sure what genre it is   I'm close friends with a family that have a 2 year old who has Down's Syndrome.  His siblings are 24 and 14.  It makes me sad when I realize the burden that will be placed on their shoulders when he gets older.   Aint nobody got time fo' dat   I just can't imagine it being around in the 1800's.  Does anybody know?   Ah yes, encourage your coworkers to gamble.   This saddens me.  I already work for a giant corporation now and was hoping to work at Google in the near future.  I'm like you, the money doesn't even matter any more.  I'd hate to leave one situation for another one just like it.   Why in the world would one twin smoke and not the other?  That's what I want to know.   I think the key thing to remember is that happiness is not something you achieve and it lasts forever.  Good times, like bad times often come and go.  So I'm still fighting the good fight.  As far as steps I've taken to combat depression:  * Exercise * Forcing myself to get out of the house and my comfort zone * Traveling  (helps a lot if you can afford it) * Journaling daily. Writing a journal helps me keep things in perspective.  There are days when I thought I was having the worst day in my life and it turned out okay.  Best of luck with your battle with depression.   Mainly weight gain, loss of sexual desire, and the fact that it didn't fix anything.  I had more suicidal thoughts when I was on the medication.  I would go out at night in bad neighborhoods because I had no fear of dying.   What changed it all for me was going on a weeklong cruise where I forgot my meds.  At that point I realized I didn't need them and I needed to spend more time working on the root cause of my depression.  [Which is still a work in progress btw]  But I've been off meds for at least 3 years now.   Having been in a similar situation, it's not looking good for the future of you two.  I don't understand why you guys are still talking and sleeping with each other if she doesn't want to be with you?  Sounds like she's just keeping you around until she makes up her mind.  There is a chance she may want to get back with you but there's also a possibility she won't.  And if she doesn't, you're going to be in some serious pain.  It seems you two need to leave each other alone for awhile and give it a legitimate break.    Also, you're not acting like yourself.  All this begging and pleading is probably not attractive.  Sure there are some things you need to fix, but you need to do it in a manly way.  Work on yourself in the meantime but don't make it about her.  Do it for you.     I commend you in your battle.  Quick question, how do you know its SAD?  I've long suspected I suffer from the same thing but I can't tell if it's just regular depression.  What's the key differentiator?  I know gloomy weather makes everyone feel down so I'm not sure.   And yes whatever you do stay away from anti-depressants.  Worst decision I ever made that led to me quitting cold turkey against my doctor's orders.    Is it possible to have one and not the other?  They're treated with the same medications.  I just visit both subreddits, depending on how i feel at the time.   Not sure how you get them but here's the list:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:LGBT-related_television_channels  Logo is probably the most well known one.   Also, stay close with your family and boyfriend.  My ex was in a similar situation as you and it drove us apart.  If you guys love each other it's only going to get harder to find someone you have that history and connection with.   3 years?  Fuck... I'm sitting at 2 and hoping it gets better.  *sigh*   OMG.  I actually was thinking about making a similar post as I sat alone on a Friday night.   How do I know I'm not really in a strait jacket in some mental institution right now and all my thoughts... my life... this website and everyone on it is just a figment of my imagination?   What?  I've posted that link once.  And I'm not even white!  You got the wrong person.   My favorite response to this is the following:  As a straight black man, I have no problems with television channels catered towards gays or women.  You will never hear me say, "Why can't they have a straight television network?" Because it's silly when I'm in the majority.    	50
 Can't argue with that. I'd suggest finding someone who specializes in PTSD, and talking to them if you haven't already. If you have some form of medical insurance that can help you out, then go find a doctor you can talk to on your own. If you don't... I don't know much about PTSD, I'm sorry. Maybe someone in /r/PTSD can point you in the right direction.   Your fears are genuine. Drinking to push down how you feel is only a temporary fix, and having suffered from problems with various forms of chemical dependency throughout my life, I can tell you that it's not the best. If you've never gone to a doctor and been checked for depression, I'd like to suggest you do so. If you have, then maybe go again - the alcohol, at least for me, can add another level to depression that you just don't need.   Now, for what happened between you and your friend, I'm truly sorry to hear that. Losing a friend in any capacity is hard. You think she moved on and forgot about you? Well, have you actually come out and told her that you miss her to the point that it physically hurts? If you have, and you're still getting nothing in response, then I'm sorry, but it may be time for you to do the same. Not out of anger or hatred for her - but for the love and happiness you owe yourself. Find a way to make -yourself- happy, without the constraints of finding love along the way, because believe me, you can't improve upon another persons happiness if you're not happy yourself. When you finally find a way to become happy with yourself, then the relationships you have in the future will only improve because of it. Focus on you, focus on getting yourself into a mindset where you feel safe enough to explore what makes just -you- happy, and whatever it may be, pursue it. Work on you. Focus on you - you're worth it.      Very beautifully written, and very well worded. And I agree with you - depression is a spectrum. There are those of us who suffer from forms of depression that have no 'real' source, because we were born with it. But even then, it is a symptom, and it does have a source - my depression is what my father refers to as 'the worst gift he could give me'. Many times, even if you don't know what's causing your illness, the fact that it -is- an illness is a sign of hope -it means there's something in your life effecting you to the point where you feel 'sick', or depressed. If you have the symptoms, then you may have the illness. If you have the illness, chances are there's either a way to treat it, or to manage it.  And again, very beautifully written.   When the darkness sets in, and colors begin to fade, now is not the time to get lost in the haze. Now is the time to get your paint, get your paint brushes, and paint in the colors you want. Depression is hard, and it does suck the color out of the world. So, within your mind, become a street-tagger, become a street artist - add the color you want to see.   Have you been checked for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder?   When I was a teenager, my method of suicide was drugs. I thought I had pumped enough into my system to just finally end it all.  But then I woke up. The immediate thoughts were "I'm such a fuck-up I can't even kill myself right." It was - for me at least - embarrassing. And I never told anyone about it until I felt truly safe.  If you find someone judging you because of depression or suicidal thoughts, they may not be the person to be talking to about this subject. But, even if your friends and family are hours away - just remember this. We - all of us here - are only a click away. We're here to listen. You want to scream into someone's ear until it bleeds - I'm positive you'll find someone. Because I know for a fact that I'm willing. Following your instinct to get this all off your chest was a good move. And the anonymity of the internet -does- help. I know for a fact that that's the reason -I'm- here. I don't like to talk a whole lot about my depression - offline at least. But here, I feel safe to do so. And I hope you do as well. Because people here will prove, in one way or another, that you're not alone. You're never alone. So, again - we're only a click away. We're here for you.   I was actually diagnosed at one time with what you're describing - my doctor called it 'situational depression'. I was (and in many ways, still am) working a job that was tearing me apart mentally, physically, and emotionally. For that, you may actually only need yourself. A support group would help, but in your situation, it -is- your situation. Which means you need to either find a way out of that situation, or find a way to improve your situation. It's do-able. I did it - I got out of the job (for a few years), and I began to notice the changes in how I thought and felt. So if life is stressing you out, then you may be right - it may not be depression like what other people have. Which is good - because whereas people like me who suffer from a condition they've had, and will have their entire lives, a situation effecting you from the outside is (for a lack of a better way to describe it) 'easier' to 'fix'. At my current job, I deal with people - all day. And I would not describe myself as a people person. So my minor fix; I have pills (prescribed) that actually take the edge off the stress for now. My major fix; I'm currently seeking other means of employment that work more towards my personal strengths. I hope this helps.   Or - bring your thoughts and feelings here. Again, I'm with ct on this one - you're off to a good start opening up here. This is what this sub is for, and what is the internet for if not interacting with one another? And if we can help one another in the process, even better. If for some reason you get shot down by the people who are in your life - come here. Open up. With their comments, ct proved that there's people out there willing to listen. Along with me. I'm willing to listen. You're not alone. At the very least - you have us.   You're feeling suicidal, so you're obviously depressed. Stupid statement, right? "Well, no shit, Echo - did you not read what I just said?" I did. And I'm with ctshame on this - you said you have a brother, he cares about his family, and ct hit the nail on the head. You're his brother. You're family. Have you ever tried going to him with what you're going through? Let me put it like this. I have a brother myself, but because of the age gap (I'm 31, he's 52), we actually don't have a lot in common. Even what we do have in common (music) we disagree constantly. Out of all the people I bring my issues with depression to, he actually isn't one of them. But I am -positive- that if I ever went to him and said "I can't take this, I want to die and I need a reason to live" - he would be there to help me find that reason. If you honestly feel you don't have anyone in your life, or at least anyone in your life you can bring these feelings to, start with him. He may surprise you.  	9
 yeah like he has low body fat and good definition, so he looks super in shape but he actually doesnt have much thickness or mass. im sure plenty of bodybuilders/ physique competitors dont have ideal bone structure, but they put in the time and work their weak points to build proportional physiques. that said, i wonder if this guy realized how apple shaped he is at this low body fat/ lean mass. maybe hes on /r/fitness. POST PROGRESS PICS   you probably have decently wide hip bones too, but its not bad. like this is one of the saddest things ive seen. just not good genetics  http://33.media.tumblr.com/9f4523b323194c76dd8e84a23226d863/tumblr_inline_ng1d0tszRQ1sc28u4.jpg   this is a really cool thought/idea. im sure humans are genetically too different but i like the thinking   happens a lot in movie/film/commercial. you cant post pictures on set without permission, makeup, stunts, special fx, bts anything like that   hilarious   unspoken social cues.. still kinda blows my mind. pretty sure humans are the only species that can do it. like if you ask a girl out and she doesnt want to say yes, but doesnt want to be rude, so says something else, but it was a nice way of saying no   pretty sure this'll get mentioned a bit, fresh prince of belair. when wills dad comes back then promptly leaves. "how come he dont want me" and uncle phil embraces him. uncle feel   sounds like good parent technique too   damn if i ever worked out w ct fletcher id probably just get so frustrated and quit from all the useless noise   mannnn. haha not your fault dude. onto better things!   lol you didnt rape her (im assuming/hoping). she cant say shit to you   yeah thats fucking annoying. id be pissed too   that is a complete mood kill...   almost   whoa thanks for this   hahaha oh man. i feel like christians forgive themselves for a certain level of sin. like a lot of my christian friends praise jesus guiltlessly on sunday, then cuss/smoke/drink throughout the week. but sex is bad and being gay is bad and drug dealing is bad  	16
 5 year old me decided that Deogi was a great name for my German Shephard/rottweiler mix.         really? because cat fights like these happen at least once a week. as for the martial arts part tho, there arent many of us where I live so most of these fights are just hair pulling and scratching.   	4
 "So I was talking to my dad about a car and he saHOLYFUCKWHEREDIDYOUCOMEFROM?"   At least she didn't save up to go to Costa Rica.    Alpha-Linolenic-Acid, Asparagine, D-Categin, Isoqurctrin, Hyperoside, Ferulic-Acid, Farnesene, Neoxathin, Phosphatidyl-Choline, Reynoutrin, Sinapic-Acid, Caffeic-Acid, Chlorogenic-Acid, P-Hydroxy-Benzoic-Acid, P-Coumaric-Acid, Avicularin, Lutein, Quercitin, Rutin, Ursolic-Acid, Protocatechuic-Acid, and Silver.  I know some of those words. Better stop eating apples.   He drums a mesmerizing tune with the 2 machetes he bought for 6 dollars and 97 cents.   "Fucking gfyshat." -mobile users.  Damn progress bar covers the captions.   When I was in high school I'd bound up the steps 4 at a time.   You really scare people when you go up a flight of stairs at high-speed in 3 steps.   That's like a euphemism for adulthood.   Why not both?   My headmates say you're a shitlord.    Taters gonna Tate.   Roadwork in winter: that shit is dangerous yo.   Plus the work would be so shitty because asphalt needs to be at a certain temperature to cure correctly. It would crumble and they'd have to repair it in spring anyway.    Pretty sure an Irishman took it.   Or the good parts of a contract you sign with the devil.   Having an entourage is expensive.   Kept reading it as "short or dress."   60%?   Jesus you are a moron.   I know what I want to do in 5 years, 10.   My mind set is that people who think you should just go out and get a better job is crap because those people were afforded opportunities that they aren't willing to give to others.   That and the climate for small business loans is shit.   "Any dumbass off the street can do your job."   OMG. You are so right! What have I been thinking? Any dumbass can talk down a drug addicted parent who is raging up a storm in Child Protective Services.   Any dumbass can hit someone with a maglight, it takes skill to get someone out of the building without hurting them or yourself. It takes skill to see the slight markers in demeanor or the trace of a weapon under clothing, remaining calm when someone is threatening you with a knife and being able to disarm and subdue them.   Yeah, any dumbass.   That logic fills me with rage. I work as a security guard. There are times where I will literally have to risk my safety. Do you know how much that is worth?   $8.75 an hour. I am lucky I get that and 40 hours a week because some job sites pay federal minimum wage. ($7.25)  Why don't you find a better job? Motherfucker, when I get off work at 8 in the fucking morning after working 32 hours in a span of 56, it isn't exactly easy to go out and do what I need to do.   Why don't you just stay up and get stuff done during the day? Because if I sacrifice sleep, I sacrifice my ability to do my job well, and thereby risking my literal fucking life.   Mothefucking useless pieces of willfully ignorant shit. Godfuckingdammit.   So he was one of the first men to stare at goats?   Same reason a guy wants to be infantry.    Of fucking course there's a wiki for him.   I didn't get a degree in polisci, at all even, and trying to get people to listen to a logical statement about how their messaging isn't going to catch or they are being too one dimensional is fucking infuriating.   "I have a degree I know what I'm talking about." Yeah and you were wrong about shit three elections in a row. And the bullshit is that these were people who were at most a few years older than me.   Cities from Texas consume food at twice the standard rate.   Cities from California consume food at half the normal rate.  I know this is impossible to work out, but its funny.   Religious/ Economic.   Assyria, Babylon, and Persia were major empires.   Israel acted like a city state. Defend its people and mind its own business. They never really expanded beyond the region Israel currently holds.   Tiny islands as America, find shaka a few islands over. FFS. He declares because he thinks he has the numbers. Demolish his ass, take a city or two and then I sign a peace deal.   Next era he declares again. Stomp his face into a curb. I assume that made him retarded because he was friendly by the time ideologies came around and chose my freedom over autocracy.       'Run a train'  Its always wonderful to think that they guy who says this is talking about a conga line style train and is getting fucked but a seriously big guy.  You can't have a train without the couplings.   Eh. This is reddit.   Sibling with broken arms is OK.   ;)   Maybe, maybe not. Maybe go fuck yourself.   You could always pay someone to fuck off for you.   That's more like price fixing than what the commenter was trying to convey.   Save it anyway. You can blend them with lighter roasts to add a little complexity or use it to make iced coffee drinks that don't get too washed out with the ice.  As long as it isn't well past a French roast, you can find something to use it in.   I'm hungover and I mentally associated it with a convection oven.   Depending on the govt for subsistence doesn't automatically make people lazy. Why do people not understand this?  I'm far more inclined to believe they would fight harder to defend it if it was threatened as it would be their source of food and water.   Apparently you and I have wildly different definitions of these things.   Your roast was probably off because the beans need to be moving around and not stationary/ you burned the chaff back into the beans.   The thought of putting a plastic popcorn maker into an oven at 350F didn't seem odd to you at any point in time?   Well, at least it would have decent coffee.   Train wrecks are one of my triggers.   Popcorn makers have a the most at to keep it from getting hot enough. You won't get anywhere near first crack.   "How many people are in your party?"   "Everyone bro..."   "How many people are in your party?"   "I dunno, like a hundred or whatever?"   Yeah. Me too.      When the thought of going on a three-day bender is more attractive than trying to face any one of your current problems.    It's kind of bewildering to me that OP see's this as some kind of insult or offense.  wut.   I'm talking about when I ask. IDFC if someone asks me to grab something off the top shelf.    If this isn't a world record attempt, they are a failure.   No, but it is a name born entirely from the working class families of England. In fact it refers to the work done by roofers.   Born in wedlock to two still married parents.   And guess just how English my last name is.   I'm not Swedish, you twat.   You know whats funny? The fact that I'm not even remotely Swedish.   Why would I replace her with a gremlin?   http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/1977_AMC_Gremlin_X_-_Hershey_2012_d.jpg  Wait, still a ginger hottie.   Wake up on the wrong side of being an asshole this morning?   Why does your BigBox store sounds like a Saw movie?   The only problem I have with this is the organic foods bit.   What do you want us to call it? It's not like it's a real sport.   Play some handegg and let's talk.   Even though one of the things that tends to be associated with being tall is Joint/back pain. So getting on my hands and knees to reach something 6 inches off the ground and 2 feet over might not be exactly painless.   Or efficient.    The only thing I'm getting out is the lube.   I know, I just wanted to whine a little bit.    First one says "I'm a musician."   "I am too!" "So am I!"  "I'm a musician too!  Three of the guys burst out laughing.   "What's so funny?" asked the drummer.   While I understand the sentiment about justice, 73 year olds IMO tend to get confused pretty easily, especially when put in a situation they have no experience in, with two tools that are similar in shape and function.  Then again, I can't speak to the guys mindset.   You're supposed to take the filter out before you cum in it.   Role-Playing Grenade sounds pretty awesome.   You and I have very different definitions of "pebbles".   Pretty sure one kitten couldn't make a glove big enough for my hand. My dick however...   But if I ask them to grab something from under the counter they look at me like I asked if kittens make a good coat?   0'0"   Unless you count my hand at 10 1/2"   That's a much classier way of saying you have a rape fetish.   Or a very rough childhood. Could be the kindest kid in the world but you give em a shitty parent or two and that kid will shut down.  Sometimes its easier to just not let anyone in.   Better for making paper thin slices.   And apparently its cheaper.   Asphalt is recycled at something like 99% over. Its like aluminium at this point. The only thing we are really paying for is the labor.   ITT: People who have never seen a thunderstorm before.   Shining Time Station was truly magical with George Carlin.   I think that's the plan...   "What will you name it if its a boy?"   "Junyah."  "And what if its a girl?"  "Uhh, Junyah."   OK. Use an old Umatic video tape to list your demands.  There are probably less than 50 of those in working condition across the US.   Unless you like pissing off cops and making them find a working floppy is a pain in the ass.   Of course there's a jags thread in cringepics.   MUSIC CITY MIRACLE, MY ASS.   I refer to spring as Bukkake season.   Woah.   Emotional, not physical.   It takes a real man to fuck another man in the ass.   Everything is a cake if you're brave enough.   I'm sure we could think of something.   Emotional. Not physical.   You are supposed to use animal blood.   Are you serious? That's not a snide comment, that's a pretty realistic statement.   ~30% of Americans get a Bachelor's degree or higher. Saying that the average voter has a reading comprehension at a high school level isn't even remotely snide.   See, this is what I'm talking about. Snide comments about someone's intelligence, particularly someone you don't know.   Really helps doesn't it? I can feel us winning back a majority in a year and a half because you insulted my intelligence.    Apparently people still aren't getting the point.    The point   (Woosh)  You.    Politicians are elected to "represent" the people.   Messaging gets them on your side. Tell me the messaging in 2014 resonated with the voters.   EDIT: "Messaging should be..." Yeah. In a vacuum, real world isn't a vacuum.   But Susie down the block says I should cut out X from what ever. She would never lie to me. The Dr. just tries to push pills or diet on me. In fact, I saw on the news about how Dr's take money from prescription companies to give people their drugs.   Why should I pay for some shill to write me a script when I can just stop eating this one thing I already don't eat?  **I'm really hoping you see the point now.**   Waifus  Girlfirends.   Clicks at 1 second.   Seems like I'm a good button presser.... LADIES.   The average voter has a reading comprehension level equal to that of a high schooler at best. We've been relying on book smarts = real world smarts.   There is a reason Obama won with speeches that are the lowest level of reading comprehension ever.   **EDIT: IRL I work a security guard job. Who am I supposed to relate with, Joe the plummer or Elizabeth the fucking Harvard Professor?**   Morning workout = morning coffee.   "I'm sorry but this is what I have to do before I can really mentally function" esque.    It's been a few months since we talked. How's the new job?   You have a better memory than I. I work overnight so this is like me drinking beer at midnight.    It was just used to drive home the point of b=brother.   Or right outside your bedroom door and you have dark colored carpet.   I was driving home one night and passed a bus stop with some old homeless lady sitting on it. I've learned not to deal with the homeless around, because well, they tend to be the helpless homeless around downtown. I guess she wanted my attention and was calling for someone stopped at the light. Sounded so much like my demented grandma... really freaked me out.   LPT: Zoom out.   Clearly that is 9-0.   Is that still popular?   Pussy.   O what?   I'm still waiting on bingo here.  	107
   	1
 Haha if I ever get there I certainly will. It's an uphill battle!   Thanks for the insight- it's nice to know from someone who's been in a hiring position that I don't need to let this prevent me from moving on  	2
 Bush did 9/11   My coworker was getting married. After the ceremony when they came outside to greet their guests, the bride's great uncle had a heart attack and died. Turns out as a joke the brother of the bride got the couple a card for his wedding that said "sorry for your loss."    Ok thank you because my boyfriend needs 2 and this just made my stomach sink   I just started an internship and every single one has started a conversation with me or around me about weight loss like omfg let a girl live   A drug addict that got her into two car accidents    I feel annoyed because all the other women are ass deep in diet culture. I don't fucking care how many calories you had today   Quicksand    State college, PA    Pregnancy scares    Stop subtweeting me   lmao thank u    Ahhhh you're going to have a god damn blast   Apartments in college towns are the biggest rip offs -___-   This was right after I moved in I have Christmas lights now :-) thanks for the tips!   [1](http://i.imgur.com/JgbFsMN.jpg)      [2](http://i.imgur.com/OvwIZht.jpg)   Self care I can't emphasize it enough. Make sure you brush your teeth and light candles and change into pajamas and clean your environment etc etc   Everything in some cities in Israel are also bomb shelters (bus stops, kids playgrounds) and just seeing soldiers everywhere i mean everywhere you turn. Oddly feels safer.    Marathoning ink master and eating chocolate pudding    I swiped right. Dating now for awhile and I can't imagine a life without him    I was just gonna say!! I work in a prison and we need these    Self care.  I keep a check list of things I should do every day i.e. brush my teeth, make sure my hair is presentable, put on lotion. Helps so fucking much   alright sweet. its mostly me freaking out if its like 2 hours late once in awhile so that helped   thanks, makes sense!   im only on month 2 so hopefully it gets better but seriously not a bad idea   easy enough, thank you!   I suck at this aspect but I'm trying real hard to get better at it.    note: I searched the archives and none of the ELI5's were specifically about this. Thanks in advance!    Smallville?   the first season sucks and then it becomes comedic gold, i promise   the zoo was fun. holy bad parenting   wake up, no bitches. watch TV, no bitches. cook, no bitches.  	30
 100% of my body is under the covers.   It's okay man, there are better wifi names out there. When you stop looking, you'll find them.   I connect to the neighbor's one at school, and it's called ' I CAN HEAR YOU HAVING SEX AT NIGHT.' So they seem like they're happy with their situation.    Shit.   ....just noticed all of the ducked/fucked jokes after I posted that. I'm so sorry.   no, NOT ducked, I meant FUCKED.   This...absolutely hit a little too close to home. I'm so sorry this happened to you.   I would enjoy being friends with you.   Or not being able to spell.*that   The first story thay will truly keep me from sleeping. Goddamnit.   Fuck   ....... This hit so close to home. I'm in Brazil, visiting family and it's been 6 years since I've been out here. (That's a different story.) I knew my grandma had been getting worse, but it wasn't until I saw her that I realized how far gone she was. She can hardly speak, walk, or even lift her head. I don't know if she will have anymore lucid moments.   So...it's updated right?   Immortal jellyfish? ELI5?   Thumb stone?   EDIT: spelling and other dumb shit.   I am two years and 6 months sober(active member off AA and NA, hit my bottom with heroin) for the first time since I was 14. In and out of rehabs, outpatients, therapists, psychiatrists, detox Centers, some trauma and a number of other things.  I got it right this time, and the last four years I've been with my boyfriend, who I met in treatment, and it has been amazing. (in the four years we've been together I've relapses...a lot. This was his first attempt getting sober and he got it the first time.) long story short, I'm exhausted. I hit the ground running when I picked up my first drink, and I'm Finally living an adult life.  Because of my using and drinking, I haven't been to see my family in Brasil for 5 years, and I'm finally going at the end of december. I'm BEYOND excited, nervous, but so happy to see my family. At the same time, I'm fucking TERRIFIED. The culture is so enticing, so lively and kind and welcoming and beautiful, and my alcoholic brain experiences this culture and thinks 'this would be even better with a drink in my hand.' I know the tools I can take to step away from that pattern I've so clearly displayed since my first rehab, but I'm scared. I'm 23, I should be fucking up and hooking up and not talking about marriage and kids and never drinking or using again, I should be running wild and traveling and getting into trouble.....  Right?  What if I meet someone? What if I'm not meant to be with who I am with now? (I love him more than I can explain, please keep in mind I'm allowed to be scared). I would never do anything to hurt him, EVER.  I'm just fucking scared. This trip is supposed to be a reunion, along with a break, some time for me to do some self reflection, take a breather.  I just dont know what to think about these feelings and fears. I've never been good at the whole 'feelings' thing, (aka alcoholic), although ironically I am extremely sensitive.  FUCK.   I was like 'ginger cave?...'  I'm an idiot  	17
 Literally Magnus' worst nightmare.   Linkens is the old build for mana and a bit of survivability early. I usually go Manta before Skadi because it helps you farm faster, or at least picking up the Yasha.   The TEAM needs a carry. Yeah you'll win a couple cheeky games with 5 supports but that's an extremely small percentage of games.   The bench.    Banning pick is a much more balanced choice!!  MMR leader bans the 3 hardest counters to his hero, goes mid, stomps game.  So balanced.   Obvious troll post detected.   Two melee against a QoP/Undying? Hell no. The more people in a lane the better for Undying.    Then you have Fear on a safe lane farming Clock? PPD fucked up. He drafted two combinations that are great on paper (void+wd and storm+omni) in team fights, but drafted himself into a corner where Empire were able to draft lane dominators and completely shut them down. Even if the roles were switched, neither side lane core would have gotten any farm. Razor+1 would have zoned the shit out of both Clock and FV, and QoP+Undying is super strong against a tri lane consisting of two melee with no hard lockdown if you wanted to run a tri lane.  Empire saw their weakness and exploited it hard.    Bloodstone/BKB gives you survivability but zero control or damage. The issue was that Razor got the Diffusal way earlier than anyone on EG expected, and it wasn't revealed. So the mid team fight where repel was diffusal'd off and Sumail died in static storm took EG completely by surprise.    Linkens is nice i guess but there is plenty of mechanism for poping it  Linkens after Orchid would have given Storm damage, control and more survivability because with repel on, the only thing that could pop linkens would be the diffusal. And if diffusal is popping linkens, the repel stays on, therefore negating the need for a BKB but still retaining your magic immunity.   Get bloodstone , use the repel and the bloodstone range and hp to take fights early (20 to 25 min where i believe storm has his biggest power spike). Then go for bkb  Yeah, at 20-25 minutes is when the diffusal came up if I remember correctly. He was fucked at that point.   EG got outplayed and slightly outdrafted. In hindsight, the only thing they could have done with that draft would have been to secure Storm an immediate Linkens to avoid Repel being diffusal'd off. Then into Orchid and Bloodstone. A lot of space would have needed to be created by the Fear/Aui combo however, and that didn't really happen.    Make his ult cooldown 60 seconds instead of 30. Fuck being able to take 3 lanes of racks in 90 seconds at minute 35. It's bullshit.   No it wouldn't. He'd still be as dominant as he is now, you'd just need a +1 to Rosh and you couldn't take 3 lanes of racks in 90 seconds.   The main advantage that using Edge Pan over WASD gives you is that you utilize those freed up keys for other things. Namely, control groups to make playing micro-intensive heroes much easier.   I use a mix of Edge Pan and WASD. I have my camera speed up really high, so if I need to move my camera to the left, I can tap A and it will move it where I need it to be. I've also remapped some hotkeys to make hitting important keys easier (Q attack command, E stop command, 123456 spells, ZXCVFR items).   CARRY FUCKING TP SCROLLS   What if they made the Cooldown on Troll's ult 60 seconds instead of 30? Would that be too much?   Dagon/Eblade was so much more fun though. Stacking ancients on Radiant was easy, you could do it by yourself. That patch was when I first learned how to really play the hero and it was the most fun I've ever had.   Funniest moment though had to be when a Bloodseeker was on the other team and I wasn't paying attention around the 10 minute mark, farming up a quad ancient stack spamming Soul Ring and March without remembering that he could see how low my health was with Thirst and he ran over and 1 shot me.  Good times.    55% wr 5k mmr  Dotabuff?   Someone needs their pacifier.     Thanks Volvo - proof that ~~you are screwing me with bad games and worse teammates~~ i suck at this game.   wut   Kotlguy is miles better than Zyori.    Ice Armor is probably his best skill at this point.   If someone abandons in a stack, the whole stack loses MMR. Problem solved. This would prevent one player from abandoning to save their stackmates from losing MMR.   Had a game a couple days ago where our PA abandoned 30 minutes in, while it was still a pretty even game. I was playing Beastmaster, so I just stuck PA on myself and ran around. If a team fight broke out, I Blink Roared and stuck my Boar/Necro units on their Troll and played the PA from there, because honestly what use is a Beastmaster after you initiate besides summoning another Boar and maybe throwing out a Wild Axes or two.  We won 8 minutes later. You can definitely still win if someone abandons, just micro their hero.  Your suggestion is good though, but you need to make sure that if people are playing in stacks, if someone abandons in the stack, the whole stack gets -25 MMR, but not the other players of the team. This would prevent a player from biting the bullet and taking the abandon to save their stackmates from losing MMR.    same anoying problem.  They're the same MMR as you.   You have an unranked MMR just like ranked, it just isn't shown. This is what determines what ranked MMR your calibration matches are played at.    Having your waves continuously push into their T3s applies pressure that they constantly have to deal with. This leads to openings for your team to find the key pick offs that could give you the opportunity to break high ground.    instead of just dismissing it like they do now in 60m+ games  Just because it doesn't get put on the 1 position doesn't mean it's useless. Aegis on position 2 or 3 can still be huge, as well as Cheese for a support. Also, denying the other team the opportunity to take Roshan is huge as well.   On the account I use now: 65% 20 games with PA, 64% 14 games with Drow, 63% 35 games with Troll.  On my previous account: 67% 66 games with Bloodseeker, 65% 29 games with Viper, 61% 33 games with Crystal Maiden.   1.) Consider 2-1-2-1 if you think you can solo kill at 6 with Vortex or get a good rune. Maxing Overload first is best because that's where most of your damage comes from. Remnant or Vortex next can depend on your situation, but usually Remnant for flash farming.  2.) Ganking as Storm is rough early on because his zip uses a lot of his early mana. Best to farm your Orchid as fast as possible and go from there, unless you find a good rune (Haste is best, DD is okay, Regen is pretty great if you know how to use it).  3.) You can but it shouldn't be necessary unless you're losing your lane.  4.) Not 100% on this, but what I usually do is Zip in, use Orchid while in Zip, Overload attack, Vortex, Overload attack, Remnant, Overload attack, Zip behind them, Overload attack, repeat.   Juggernaut isn't all about his ulti. Yeah, it wrecks, but you're also talking about if he's ulting 1 person for WW or illusion heroes. If you're in a 5v5, he's bouncing around to everyone. Illusions help mitigate ult damage, but he's so much more than that. Also ignoring the fact that when he leaves it, he has magic immunity in Blade Fury, a really strong AoE healing ward that isn't always easy to spot and a built in crit, plus is extremely dominant and powerful in every stage of the game, as opposed to other carries like Spectre, AM, Dusa, Weaver that take a lot of farm to hit their peak. Jug gets strong at 10 minutes and doesn't fall until like 50.   oracle,winter wyvern,earth spirit,bane.  All very high skill cap heroes. You can't just tell someone "play Oracle if they pick Troll". Someone who doesn't know how to play Oracle will end up fucking up more team fights than they assist in. Banes the same way. If you aren't good with Bane, you're probably going to do more harm than good by misusing Nightmare or Fiends Gripping at the wrong time and getting interrupted immediately. The only people who should be playing Earth Spirit are above 4k, otherwise you're going to be useless. It's like a 2k picking Invoker. Yeah you might contribute and win against equally terrible players, but you're not actually playing the hero correctly or to full potential.   Read the last line of my post:    It takes pairings and coordination to win against these heroes, and that's the hardest part about pubs.  Against Tinker it was easy. Pick Storm, hunt him down. You barely need to know how to play Storm to accomplish that goal. Zip into the trees after he blinks, interrupt his TP, watch Tinker cry because there's not much he can actually do at that point. Void? Disrupt/Swap the carry out of chrono if they got caught. That's literally all you needed to do to be the hero. DP? lolblademail.   The problem now is that you have to pick a combination of like 3 different heroes to actually play against their one hero. That sucks in pubs because not everyone can/wants to play those heroes.      Nice try.   Puck is in a perfect place right now. Pretty sure nothing needs to be changed.   Give me a direct hard counter to Troll and Juggernaut.  edit: That's as easy to play as those 2 heroes. Winter Wyvern comes to mind, but it's generally considered a higher skillcap hero than Troll or Jug.   At least Tinker and Void took a way larger amount of skill though. A shit Tinker in the Dagon/Eblade days (which I'm assuming you're referring to) was useless. If you were a good Tinker, yeah you wrecked shit. He became one of my favorite heroes during that patch.   In this patch though Troll, Sniper, Juggernaut are so easy to play. Also there are direct counters to Tinker, Void and DP. Troll has no direct counter. Juggernaut doesn't have a direct counter. It takes pairings and coordination to win against these heroes, and that's the hardest part about pubs.    Until he pops ult and bkb bash locks you. AM isn't a particularly tanky hero. If you're down to a 5 second bkb, he's almost guaranteed to get two bashes off during that time span, which means one disable after AM's bkb is over and AM is done for.  The problem with Troll is you have to draft an entire team just to deal with him. He doesn't have a single hero counter. There are two ways to win against a Troll. Either shut him down so hard during the first 15 minutes that he's essentially a non-factor (pretty hard to do in pubs), or draft a lineup purely dedicated to kiting him around during team fights (even harder to do).    This is coming from a lowly 2.2k scrub too...  Okay, well at 2.2k people barely know what they're doing in the game. I've been there, it's pretty bad. I'm over 3k, and yeah I've seen some horrible Trolls that were easy to beat. But in the hands of somebody who actually knows how to play the hero, it's devastating (i.e. a game I played as Troll a couple nights ago where we had mega creeps sub 20 minutes.) If you're able to hit your timings, the other team has to pull out a miracle to beat you.   If I'm SF, I'm not letting the support Omni take a DD rune because my bottle is full.   Did your Storm Spirit have a Bloodstone? If so, upon his death, the Bloodstone healed you.   All you have to do is face the other direction for a third of the duration. It's not hard. Everything in this game has a counter. If BKB didn't have things that countered it, it would be grossly overpowered.   It's not. The formula is (n/k) = (n(n-1)...(n-k+1))/(k(k-1)...1) where n is total amount of heroes and k is the number of combinations you're trying to find.   If you're talking strictly on 1 team, I believe it comes out to 122,391,522 possible combinations.   For both teams, you're looking at 4,689,764.  Math done using the formula for finding the amount of combinations of 5 card hands possible in a 52 card deck:  (n/k) = (n(n-1)...(n-k+1))/(k(k-1)...1)  where n is total amount of cards (heroes in our case), and k is the number of combinations you're trying to find.  (110x109x108x107x106)/(5x4x3x2x1) = 122,391,522 (110x109x108x107x106x105x104x103x102x101)/(10x9x8x7x6x5x4x3x2x1) = 4,689,764 (rounded up from a decimal).    The meta does not apply to under 2k MMR.  Yeah Pugna could work in sub 2k. Any hero COULD work in sub 2k, because people have no idea what they're doing. But if you're talking about the meta, which applies to players who actually know how to play the game, Pugna doesn't fit well.     my 4th and 5th ability slots (T and G) and my Stop command key (H)  Wut?  I use a mix of Edge Pan and WASD with no real issues.   WASD camera move, Q attack command, E stop command, ZXCVFR items, 123456 spells, SPACE hero select, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK control group tab, TGBH specific control groups.  The biggest thing removing WASD camera movement helps you with is heroes that require you to micro throughout the game because you can use those 4 keys for control groups. I hate playing micro heroes in the first place because they're not my style, so I never found that to be particularly useful.  Switching to Edge Pan won't automatically make you a better player. Does it help for specific heroes? Undoubtedly. But it's not some remedy to boost your MMR up by a thousand like reddit likes to imply.  Good luck though!    rarely  What other heroes do you see Mek on though? Enigma and Chen are the only two I can think of off the top of my head. Viper Mek is still built but it's not that great any more.   The meta does not apply to under 2k MMR.   But the answer is no. Pugna's nether ward is great against a few heroes that need to use high mana cost spells often in team fights (Tinker, for example), but since not many of those are in the meta, Pugna doesn't really have any other uses. Early 5 man hard tower pushes are less effective than they used to be, and that's what Pugna excels at. Aside from Nether Ward, he doesn't provide anything in team fights. His AoE is okay but you need to be basically on top of the enemies to use it, which is bad for Pugna. Decrepify is too situational to really warrant picking him, and his ult is a channeling spell that can be easily interrupted before it does any real work.      TL;DR: Would Dota 2 benefit from much shorter matches? 20-25 minutes?  Not sure. Maybe you could ask everyone that watched TI4.    Yeah the mana cost is too high. That's why it's rarely built any more.   This confirms the fact that I'll never be able to play Invoker.    EG, Secret, IG, VG, LGD are 5 for sure.  The next 5 aren't as easy.  C9 should get one. Rave should just because they need to direct invite at least one from SEA right? So that's 7.  Asus and Empire could receive invites but are kind of on the brink. Alliance has been showing up big recently, but on the brink as well. Navi definitely isn't getting one.   EG, Secret, IG, VG, LGD, C9, Alliance, Asus, Empire, Rave are my prediction if there is 10.   The problem with Peruvians on US E are that you have people from a poor and very uneducated 3rd world country queuing with people from arguably the most developed nation in the world. If you don't speak English, or can't understand English, you shouldn't be allowed to queue for a server hosted in a country that speaks English as its default language in a game that relies heavily on communication and coordination.  If I went to the South American servers not being able to speak Spanish or Portuguese I would be in the wrong. If I queued for SEA without knowing any Asian languages, I would be in the wrong.   There are 3 servers hosted in South America. I'm sorry your country is a poor shit hole and you get worse ping to SA servers but you're ruining other people's games just by being in it on US E.  If Valve region locked, the gaming community that queued for US E would be a million times better than it is now.    Depends on how many Chinese teams get direct invites this year. If they do 4 again like last year, 3 are already most likely taken by VG, IG and LGD. Who gets the last spot? I'm assuming either Newbee or Ehome, but probably Newbee because they are defending champs.      I still think this game would be far better with region locking. I don't care if my queue times go from 2 to 6 minutes, I want games where my teammates speak the same language as me. If my preference is US E and English, I shouldn't be matched with people from 3rd world countries that don't speak English.  I'll gladly pay for it.    44.21% Win Rate  Ok   As much as I like the idea, I don't support it. He's one of the last heroes I want to see picked more often in pubs.   Well you can set R to autocast I'm pretty sure, that would make your life a ton easier.   You were probably reported in addition to the abandon in other games recently. I've abandoned games before with no low priority.    It's extremely cookie cutter at the moment. Can't wait for 6.84.    i want to treat that game liek a regular game  There's your problem. Just afk NP cliff jungle until it's over. Low priority has three types of people: Those who abandon because of an emergency/internet/power failure, those who abandon because they raged and those who get excessively reported.   If you fall into the first category, you're a minority. Just get through it as quickly and effortlessly as possible.   Well, kotl/ds would be pushing the wave insanely hard. If you were safe lane, you need to practice last hitting under tower. If you were offlane and they were pulling, you're basically fucked and picked the wrong hero for the situation.   Not sure why you're downvoted, this is pretty much correct. Just had a game in 3k where our PA randomed, and went completely naked BF. Took him 13 minutes and he ended up abandoning later after he tower dove and he died. Only reason he wasn't completely shit on was because his babysitting Dazzle stacked 2 camps like 4 times and he got like 2k gold in the span of a minute.  We still won though so I wasn't mad.   That's where I'm stuck. I climbed from 2.6-3.2 in a week and couldn't keep winning. Haven't dropped below 3k again yet but shit got rough.    They don't really need nerfs though.    I've noticed that if I go on a winning streak of 5 of more games, instead of being equivalent to the average MMR for the server, i'm 50-75 points, sometimes even 100 points below it. Now obviously at 3k that's not a massive difference in skill, but it's strange that it doesn't keep you equivalent just because you're winning, that it puts you up against what it sees as higher skilled players. It's like it's trying to make you lose.   Ignore Lamza, he's nothing but a griefer in this sub.   Well that's annoying. Thanks though.   I don't understand why sometimes I click the enemy hero and I DON'T aggro the creeps. It's really frustrating in mid when I'm clicking, and even walking towards the enemy hero trying to aggro the creeps to get them onto my ramp and they don't move unless I'm basically past them.  Can anyone explain why this happens?   People are stupid, that's not going to change. You don't remove a mechanic just because stupid people don't understand it.   Try not clumping up around heroes that thrive around clumped up enemies.   Spread out a bit if you're pushing a tower. Have the supports hang back to not get caught in a blink echo and counter initiate.    You're playing a ton of different heroes. Try sticking to one or two that you're most comfortable playing. I'm 3k, and I have the best success when I spam pick two or three heroes that I know I'm best at, rather than trying to play everything.  Obviously it gets boring playing the same hero over and over, but it's a suggestion.   Also Lycan   Troll, Juggernaut, PA with either BF or HotD, AM with BF, Luna, Bloodseeker, Slark.    I used to rush Skadi on Weaver mid back when I was first learning how to play. Literally brown boots into Skadi, then Butterfly, and then I had like 20 kills and the game was over.   Shit was hilarious. It was like 1k MMR so I had no idea what I was doing.   I don't. Fuck Riki.    specific help with Viper  Build Shadow Blade, Press R, spam Q, get kills. He's probably the easiest hero to play.  Obviously his build changes at higher skill levels, but for a beginner that's literally all you need to do.   Phase Shift - Dodging anything with it is just fun and hilarious. Huskar ult? Sike. Assassinate? Nope. Laguna Blade? I've done it.   Toss - Always a fun time. You can cliff enemies with Toss. Had ally Storm zip up there and wait for an enemy to come check rune by Rosh, I Blinked out, Avalanche, Tossed them up, ally Storm Spirit zipped away. It was a Shadow Shaman before he got Blink and he was there for like three minutes because we camped out the enemy jungle while we pushed bottom lane and he was too scared to move the courier past us.  Black Hole - Mostly because every time I use it I scream BLACK HOOOOOOOOOOLE into the mic as loudly as possible.   I used to play CM exclusively in 2k. It took me forever to realize, but people in 2k are way too retarded to be able to play CM correctly.   Maybe I'll try it again if I break 3.5 or 4k, but if I tried to captain, nobody could play any good heroes effectively, the combinations never worked out, and even though I tried to communicate the plan, nobody followed it. Example: carries building midas when I drafted a hard push strat. And if I didn't get captain we got a mish mosh of stupid heroes that didn't synergize at all and got stomped.    If you force him into jungle before HotD you have a far better chance of winning though.   I'm no pro, but whether i safe or mid I can get Aquila/Phase/HotD and level 11 (all you need to solo Rosh) by 12 minutes. With a Rosh and 4 towers, I've got SnY by 15. By then, you need to fuck up pretty hard to lose, or get massively outplayed. BKB and maybe another item by 25-30, another Rosh, and go end the game.  If you shut him down in the first 10, it takes a while to recover though.    even if I was doing well  If you're not being pressured, you're probably going to do better than someone who is though.   Basically this. The hero is a broken pubstomper right now. Learn how to play him correctly and you're probably not going to lose unless the enemy team commits their first 15 minutes entirely to shutting you down, in which case pray someone else on your team can make good use of the massive amount of space they've been given.  I'm 3k and I can end games with Troll in 25-35 minutes. Rosh between 10-15 depending on farm and levels, group up with Aegis and mow down the outer towers, repeat when Rosh respawns for mega creeps. Had a game yesterday where we got megas sub 20. Shit's broken.   Buffing assist gold wouldn't break the game in any way. That's all I'm saying.   Well, 5 of the 7 heroes you just mentioned have built in escape mechanisms or delays of some kind (Astral, Zip, Ghost Walk, Sprout/Teleport, Untouchable) already. If they're caught out without this by a carry, evasion isn't going to save them.   As an Int hero, you should be positioning yourself so that you're not taking right clicks in the first place. Int heroes aren't front liners. They're supposed to stay in the back or off to the sides casting out their spells and inflicting tons of damage.  If you're in a man fight between a Lina and a Spectre, a little bit of evasion isn't going to swing the fight in Lina's favor.   The point is that supports need to be more appealing for a player than they are now. Right now, the far majority of players want to play carry because carries get to have all the gold, items, and get to kill everyone. Carries also posses a far higher snowball potential than supports. "If you really want to raise your MMR, pick a snowball carry, outfarm the enemy team, and win the game solo." It's much harder to solo win the game as a support than a carry, but easier to give your team the capability to win.   Supports will always lag behind in farm and levels, and are usually the first to die in teamfights because of that fact. Also, they're dying first in team fights BECAUSE they're lagging behind in farm and levels. If you die a couple times as a carry, you can easily recover. If you die a couple times as a support, your next item could be another 10 minutes away.   Who enjoys playing a hero that gets jumped on and 2 shot by a carry?   Also, the comparison to a quarterback is false. In the over 1,000 games I've played, 90% of them contained the mentality that "I'm the carry, do what I say because I'm higher level, more farmed and more powerful. Buy wards feeder you're 1-6-12 noob." Obviously competitive play is different than pubs, but playing support in pubs usually sucks massive cock.   That's actually pretty false. Considering your carry is going to be farming all of the creeps, if you get a kill, regardless of who the killing blow is landed by, the carry (assuming they're in fine enough shape to continue farming) is going to have easy cs until the hero returns. It's far better to give kills in the first 15 minutes at least to the supports than the carry.    If you want gold and KDA play carries.  Great strategy. How are all those 5 carry lineups working for you in pubs?     100% pick/ban material.  edit: Oh wait I just realized we already essentially have that in game. It's called Battle Trance and affects your entire fucking team.   Ghost Scepter is essentially the Int evasion item. It's rarely something you build on a carry, and most Int heroes want to avoid as much physical damage as possible, and don't really right click anyway.   As a carry. If you play him support he needs to be position 4 for Blink, but if you max Sprint and Stun you can still get into fights for your ult and the stun.  Not saying it's something I'd necessarily advocate, but with the correct lineup it could work.  It'd be equivalent to a Wraith King support, although WK does the job a bit better.    Also if you cant get higher on your "main" in trench then you wont get higher on a smurf either.  Not necessarily true. My main was at 2.0k when I decided to make another account. I didn't know at the time that it took your hidden MMR into account from level 1-13, so I didn't take games too seriously, played drunk a lot, and used the smurf to try new heroes. Calibrated at 2.6k, and have risen to 3.2k in the month or so since I calibrated.   Even if you're playing better than your level, it might not be good enough to solo win enough games to really raise your MMR.    Proof?   A Huskar ult'ing your face is the last thing a Sniper wants to see. Especially if the Sniper has his MoM up.   Exactly. Played multiple games where an Io started relocating our carries into the enemy base because they're Peruvian shit and they cried about it for the next 30 minutes instead of disabling help.  Even though I told them multiple times how to do it. This community is garbage.   Started at 1.8k, at 3.1k now. Read guides, and ignore your team during games and follow the steps from people who are 5k+.  They're at 5k, you're at 1.4k for a reason.  Also watching pro tournaments with good casters helped me a ton.   Change Focus Fire to a buff for WR instead of only on a single target.   Soooooo cash.   This fits my prediction of Pure Damage heroes becoming 100% pick/ban for TI5.  Icefrog plz   Have you played pubs? It's very rare, at least at 3k or below (the people who are making the threads, by the way), that you get 5 people coordinating during the draft to pick a lineup that works together or is a counter to the enemy team. You're far more likely to have 4 insta locked carries and a fight over who is left to support.   Because reddit likes to make threads every hour crying about losing to Troll or Juggernaut.   Wow a 90th percentile player can beat ones of lower skill? I'd never considered that. Also considering reddit loves to throw around the sentence "Everyone at your MMR is just as good/bad as you are", your response fails to hold any weight. Yeah, we outplayed them. And I'm making the thread to show people who come in crying about losing to Troll or Juggernaut every game a strategy to rectify it.  Also the average player isn't 3.2k MMR if it's also the cusp of High Skill. That doesn't make sense.   And yet people make threads every hour crying about how to win against Troll/Juggernaut.   It's 3.2k MMR, it may have been 50 or so shy of the cusp to High Skill, because that's where I'm hovering at the moment.   3.2k MMR, it was just below the cusp of High Skill.   They ran a PA safe solo, Jug jungle (so far 0% win rate in the 10+ games I've seen, yet people continue to do it), Troll mid, Brew/Lina off with Lina supporting against our aggro tri with Specte, Sniper mid and LC top. Realistically, they should have gotten their farm no problem.  And I'm not surprised, I knew we had it from the start because they were pretty terrible. But the point of the thread is more to let people know that come in here crying about Jug and Troll every five minutes that all you have to do is play a certain style and you'll be fine.   Wrong!  http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1369562180  They ended theirs with a Lina/Brewmaster. Our team picked up Sniper, Spectre, LC, CM, Dazzle (yours truly).  Weave murdered them. Sniper built a Deso and I grabbed a Medallion just for insurance. Constantly aggressively warding their jungle allowed us to roam and get pick offs with LC duel and Spectre Haunt if needed at every opportunity, transitioning into immediate tower pushes. We only lost two towers and their farm was stifled hard from the get-go.  So if you're wondering how to beat the draft possibly most indicative of the current meta, there you go.  edit: Game was around 3.2k MMR. TL;DR: Kill the heroes before they're farmed, Dazzle +/- armor destroys physical lineups.     I leave Dota open on my computer for days at a time even if I'm not playing, so I don't judge by hours played.  My first account, the one I learned on, has 1,226 games at 2.2k MMR. I got put at 1.8k when I calibrated because I did it at 13 immediately and still didn't know jack shit about the game.  The account I use now has 350 games and I'm at 3.2k.   This was a nightmare when I lived with my parents. If my dad was watching Netflix, it was near impossible to play Dota.  Since I've moved out, the only problem I've noticed is when my Android phone tries to download updates for apps during a game and my ping jumps up by 250. It blows ass because usually I don't notice that's whats causing it until the game is over, and my poor self can't afford amazing internet in the first place. It's actually so bad that if I'm trying to watch Youtube and I have a Facebook tab open it's near impossible. So if I'm playing Dota, Dota needs to be the only thing using my internet or it's laggy.    the difference between 1.7k and 3k is pretty marginal.  I have 2 accounts. One is 2.2k, one is 3.2k. I only play the 3.2k now, but I hopped on the 2.2k last week to see how it was.   Went mid QoP 3 games, shit stomped them and won all 3.  The difference is actually larger than you think. 3.2k is the cusp for High Skill. I'd wager to say it's 80th percentile. Average is probably 2.2k. So you're a top 25% player going against below average players. It's completely possible to win solo provided you pick the correct hero for it. Are you going to win 100% picking Omniknight? It's possible. But your chances are higher picking something like QoP, Troll, Storm, SF and snowballing.     Maybe for someone of a higher skill caliber.   Same thing applies to someone at 4k. It's really possible to stomp 4k games by yourself if you're 6k.   Why aren't you 6k? git gud    If you're not winning more than you lose, it's because you're not really as good as you think you are.  He's not asking "Why is my MMR so low". He's asking for help.    All you have to do is be better than 1700 MMR players  This is such a stupid response. No shit you have to be better to win. He's asking how.   Learn how to farm, pick Troll Warlord. Your MMR will go up by 1000 in a week.   It's gonna be something like this, or a base movespeed reduction by 10 and scaling to his Q for health, armor and damage instead of staying static.  Personally, I would be okay with them just removing his Bash and letting him build Skull Basher but that probably won't happen.   Picking Troll for ez MMR   His games are in Very High Skill, that's at least 3.7k   K   Depends on how high you go. You're not going to go from 2k to 4k unless you're a 4k player in the first case. However, spamming one hero allows you to get comfortable enough with that hero that you're not worrying about your movements, skills, builds, or what to do in teamfights and can focus on learning the mechanics of the game, learning how to farm properly, map awareness, etc., which then can translate into your other heroes as well.  And considering this guy is low 2k, he still has a lot of those mechanics to learn.  I went up from 2.5-3.2 by basically spamming Troll and PA. However, my skill level is competent enough with a few other heroes that if I don't play those heroes, I can still perform 2-3 heroes effectively in other roles.  Everyone will tell you that it's not best to try and learn every hero from the start. It's best to learn 2-3 heroes very well per role and pick them depending on the situation.   Yes. You should stop playing immediately.   I didn't say she was better, it's just what I always see.  I'm assuming for the evasion. WR definitely isn't my first thought when I see a Troll on the enemy team, but inherent evasion does make Troll build an MKB if he cares that much about killing her. She definitely has the potential to fuck him up with a long duration shackleshot into an Aghs Focus Fire if you weren't able to get your whirling axes onto her, but most people can't pull it off effectively at 3.2k.  Until he gets MKB, she is capable of just pressing Windrun and TP'ing away, so maybe people pick her to avoid getting solo killed.    Just make sure you have a few other heroes, in preferably other roles as well, that you can play to an equal skill level if you aren't able to get your spammed hero in a game.  Bruh.   3.2k checking in. Lina is the number 2 counter pick to Troll instapickers, behind WR.    it's incredibly stupid.  The other side of the argument to that is that you should play what you're best at. If you're best at 1 hero, spam it. Just make sure you have a few other heroes, in preferably other roles as well, that you can play to an equal skill level if you aren't able to get your spammed hero in a game.  	117
 I don't know whether I will be tending or backing yet. The guy said the bar is getting a delivery on Friday and wants me to know where every different drink goes before he puts me behind the bar      I'm 18 M starting my first bartending job on Friday   I'm M 18 about to work my first job as a bartender, I start on Friday.   The graphics   'Why do you need meds? You seem pretty normal to me' 'Bitch that is the meds'   "Fuck you're tall"   Swiggity swooty I'm coming for that booty   I never go on reddit with the intention of jacking off, but reddit always seems to have that intention for me.   That's true, Things have been good lately. Medication has really helped me, I would like to be off it though in the future, But until then, things are good   Does it get better?   We don't have 'pounds' in Ireland and they certainly aren't terrifying.   How do I sign up to this?      Aw dude nearly all of us do that   Same here, love that game. First ever Pokemon I got   Avic's really dont get enough love here! Beautiful T's   Male or female...Gorgeous   My ex used to kind of bite my lip a bit when we pulled out of a kiss, then bite her own, flip back her hair, and look so deep into my eyes as if she was looking for something.   It's a pity she was a cheating whore.    A girl who teaches music in the same place I do is absolutely gorgeous. She's not into me though. We get on great face to face and just chill in the rooms after teaching lessons talking about the randomest shit, but when I tried texting her, it got to about 2 weeks til she made it pretty sure we would only be talking at workbut. She's incredibly beautiful, and I still think about her a lot even though work is out for summer.   My mum. I can't put in to words how much I love her.   This moved me, youre very mature and sensible    one thing about lying is the truth *always* emerges eventually   Mine is Warhammer and Lego   The only thing that comes to mind is that putting bleach in your mouth probably isn't a good idea   It's just a small thing nothing permanent   Whenever my demons get on top of me, I sometimes tear up. Whenever I think of all the hurt and emotional torture I've caused my mother, Kills me y'know? Pisces man   A Rey Mysterio t-shirt at a WWE live event. €50 for a half naked man on my shirt, never wore it again.    When she remembers things I say and takes an interest in my life and what goes on in it. It makes me feel really good about myself.   definitely NPC   I love it      My next door neighbour was the best Christian in the world, She went to mass every single day. Said the rosary every single night, Always helped the priest and cleaned the church. She did this her whole life until she died of the most painful, slow, excruciating, cancerous death imaginable. When she died she left her sister, also a committed christian to live alone and run the entire farm. 2 months later her dog of 14 years died, and now my living neighbour lives alone all day praying and farming, Loneliness must be unbearable. That's when I realised if there was a God, he had been a total fucking asshole to my neighbours who were sisters. Who were both the most committed christians imaginable. Slowly killed one, and left the other alone to work for 10 years. That's when I came to the conclusion if there was a God, he wouldn't let that happen. And if there actually was a god, He's a total asshole. And that's how religion no longer became part of my life      If they removed just the pinna (the oart of the ear you can see) you'd still be able to hear, just a little less. *SOURCE: 4 years studying biology*   I came to this thread after a morning browsing of r/tarantulas and r/spiders so thats probably a contributing factor   I'm single because my depression got in the way of my last relationship. I didnt want to do anythinv with her, Not because of her, but because of MDD. Then she got frustrated and cheated, and now my other half is my dog   I love how friendly your language is throughout this   /r/gonewildpopping   Kind of like me, I want to get a unique and meaningful tattoo, But I've lived *the* most mundane, uneventful, First World life   For You   I enjoyed the image although saddened you did not fully live up to your username   Beautiful      Years ago my parents used to leave a six pack for the binmen once a month or so. In return they would leave a company bin bag (worth €5) every bin day so that we didnt have to buy one and the company would still collect our rubbish because it was in their company bag (a requirement if you wanted the company to collect it). We kept it up until somehow their boss found out about it, but it made for a funny story.   Well I live in ireland so an army/race designed with Celtic origins would be great      This reminds me of *I, Pet Goat II*   Nope she likes people, She chills out on people's laps and she's happy   Sorry for your loss, When the time is right you should pick up another, to keep the remaining bird from feeling lonely   Wow, cool story. Luckily my dog isn't spoilt with attention (That sounds really mean to say, but too much attention is bad for pups)   But if you met a guy, and everything about him is perfect, and youre at his place and hear a bark. 'Oh hey that's my dog Rex, you should meet him' Remeber this is the GUY OF YOUR DREAMS here, and he's just dropped the dog bomb, What do you do?   Luckily I fall into the 'otherwise' category    How many birds do you have?   If I was with someone my dog would have to be accepted, but getting the girl was what I was wondering about   Oh no that mouth kissing stuff is rotten. Yeah especially if the dog is an indoors amd outdoors dog, The stuff it licks, can't even describe   I'm 18 and I'm lucky to have a really good dog in my life; pic here http://imgur.com/TeZvKWQ. I spend a lot of time with her and she's helped me through some hard times. I get a lot of comments such as "*You and your dog must be so close*" "*She's always in your snapchat story*" If you personally met a man and realised you and him were getting along really well, Would you be put off him if he was really close to his dog?  TLDR; I love my dog a lot, Is that unattractive?   'Hardcore paranormal noir fiction' *nods head as camera pans to face*   That would have to be a *massive* load that it didn't dry in an hour. And who squeezes a sock?   Japan   RDJ is never sad, he always used to turn that Robert Frowney Junior upside-Downey Junior   Trust Reddit to remind you you're making a bad decision in trying to better your life   That's a real art   Winning? he's already won      Sub to all spider related subreddits here, always great to see a surprise like this pop up on the front page   It's 2014 you don't need to specify that your phone has a camera   Just judging by the chunky size amd thin palps I'd say its female, Hard to tell   It's not a bad thing! haha, Her abdomen looks very big in comparison with the rest of her body, Nice T though   Watermelon spiderbro   I knew jumpers were cute...but this spider has taken it to a new level   "Chill man, you can go back to bed. He won't be bothering us no more bud"   I have loved spiders since I was a kid and only found my first jumping spider a few days ago (*check my post histroy*) They're a real treat to see as they are so small and rare, I fely so lucky   Camera flashes can be so strong, Have any keepers noticed if it affect tarantulas in any way?   Another great post Feriat, Your P.Metallica looks great   I've been into T's for a long time and this the first time I've heard of A.Hentzi, Looks like an awesome spider. What's her temperment like OP?   She's so big   Thats a really unique enclosure, Cool!   Can't seem to source a pet shop that does them in the city   Sarah Palin's vagina   I thought Grumpy Cat died? Both in meme life and irl   Hmm Interesting, Thanks OP   Guitar playing student here: Cannot confirm will get you laid. But OP is right.   Haha achieved what we all aspire to be! How long does it take for the roaches to go from breeding, to hatching to being food for the T's? How long does the life cycle take, This seems like something I could get into   I love rat rods   I've tried to kill myself three times and am currently on upped medication   Facebook   David Luiz   Putin listening to policy on Crimea      Hang on what am I looking for here?    this made my toes curl up and my right foot start spazzing out in multiple directions   I'm 18 and just finished school. My parents left the house as they do everyday and told me to cycle to the nearest town ( 1 hour bike ride) and put apply for a job in the factory there. If I get it, which I doubt it do, I have to cycle over and back every day. They will be really pissed because they left at 10 AM and now 3 hours later I'm still lying flat on the floor aimlessly staring into a screen with no motivation to do anything. Why would anyone employ me anyway? fuck that. fuck me.   This is the greatest thing I have ever seen.   Exactly :)   When I'd drift off my puppy would be "asleep" in the dog bed beside my bed. I used to wake up with her lying on my chest looking up at me. She sleeps outside now cause she's bigger but she still does it if I lay down outside with her   -Management   And it makes me feel guilty for not being happy when often I have no choice in the matter   You're obliged to be happy at Christmas,  nobody wants a depressed shit around the tree. That's what's killed me the most about the last 3 Christmas's. I can't help if I'm sad for fucks sake. Pisces man.   Being off school leaves me with too much time to think   I finished my last year of school and now all of my long time friends (8 of them) have told me to my face they don't want anything to do with me this summer and cut all ties.   Unfortunately, I suffer from MDD and decided to cancel upcoming appointments with my Youth Therapist, scheduled during summer, because now that school is finished and exams are done, I presumed I would feel an awful lot less stressed.  My girlfiend of eight months turned out to be a cheating sleeze, and after I gave her her *third* chance, I decided even though I'm not much of a human, I deserve more. I'm not too fussed because I know things at this age (18) are only for fun and shit, and I really *really* enjoyed hanging out with her.  I'm so, *so* alone. My dad and I don't get along. At all. My upped Prozac dose no longer pulls me out of this isolated sess-pit with a history of botched suicide attempts and self-harm scars. I'm only in my first week of a 4 month summer holiday, with no promise of college (Irish university acceptance depends on a point system based on grades which arent released until September)   I have no-one to make plans with, anything to look forward to. To be honest, no-one to live for, not even myself. I feel so alone.    TL;DR I'm depressed and suicidal, with nothing to look forward to   or shave a few years off their life   Not the one I deserved...  	103
 I love the second idea personally. The first one might cause too much anxiety out and about that can't easily he fixed in your own home    You might not get z's though. Deep relaxing breaths   Pick a phrase beforehand that has some meaning to you to help you male sure you aren't overwhelmed by the anxiety of your thoughts and who knows whats. Mine is "this is a great movie."   I have 25d as well    Did you know which nbomb?   LSD/Delsyid   Aren't we just the worst?   The way I understand it is that you become the anti-stereotype. Like, most people picture drug addicts as "burnouts" who "provide little to no meaningful contributions" to society. You would embrace and become the opposite of this, and show that the worth of the person cannot be connected to the substances that they use   I have a couple strategies depending on the substance in question.  1) Do so much of it that you show yourself moderation is the best way to handle it (me with drinking)  2) Don't ever carry anymore in your stash than you're willing to go through in 1 or 2 nights. Pre-plan dosages accordingly  3) Occupy your time with something else. When I'm saving something for the night,  I'll keep myself busy throughout the day. Doesn't have to be labor filled or stressful, just something.to occupy the time.   I'm glad you asked because I'm doing this combo after I take my drug test on Monday   You have a beautiful voice, and I'm glad you survived to share it with us.   Right. Like; I paid for my college out of pocket this semester without loans, I've never been late to work or had to call out, and I'm probably moving into my own place sometime in the next few months.    But my problem is that I like to talk about my experiences. It got me in trouble the last time I was on coke.    My sleep has become episodic and comes only slightly; but always with weirdly vivid dreams that I can remember for about a half hour or so. Sometimes, my dreams will connect like short episodes of a mini series.   Some of these involve drug use, and the substance will remain in my mind with an urge to do it for most of the next day. It changes based on dreams. My dream was that I was zoned out, alone, nodded with a glass pipe on the table, and no cares in the world. I may not always know what substance is in the dream, but I feel like I am altered in dream.  Drugs that have shown up: Weed, LSD, Molly, Crack, Meth, Peyote, Ayahusca, Cocaine, and one random dream about dying and being reincarnated on Ibogaine   What drug(s) would you do if you didn't have to deal with associated stigmas? Like, most people in my demographic don't give a shit if I smoke weed or experiment with psychedelics. Or, even on an employment stigma basis? Or am I just too worried about keeping with what little friend group I have left?   DBZ   That's not a WTF. That's a funny   Read that as Captain Falcon for a moment. Now I imagine Iron Man tanking a Falcon Punch   You are a wonderful gift to your family and friends    And there is an Alzheimers study involving mice on the Frontpage and I will say the same thought now that I had there. When will any of this become available for human trial?   You're correct in that I was looking for something to blame, and that I should have paced myself better. However, I'm not blaming the Vyvanse. I'm blaming my impulsive nature and reckless tendency to not cut myself off or even really know when to do so.   I've read too many benzo blackout stories. Didn't think amphetamines would do about the same.    Yeah it'll become another good story, like the time I tried to smoke a pickaxe like it was a hookah, or the night I almost died.    The only positive I have right now was that I wasn't told I could never go back over there, but I am no longer allowed to drink there. Waiting to hear back from the other person living there.    Never again. One or the other likely. Both together? Hell the fuck no. I'm pretty sure I tanked a good friendship and a good chunk of my social standing. I was told about what had happened last night. Basically, I Pissed on the carpet and puked a lot at said friends place. So again, never bringing this combo back into my life.  Edit: One roommate was like "yeah, train_subject2252, you might want to cut back on drinking for a while" and the other said "Just bring some weed the next time you're over. Oh, and still don't drink here again."   They have one, I believe,  that used to be used on alcoholics. It basically rewired their chemistry to where the person in question would forcibly vomit if they drank even 1 beer. I'm gonna go check for a source   Edit: Source http://www.drugs.com/antabuse.html    How do you feel about A Serbian Film?   Weed: Curiosity and a friend had it.       Once I realized one time wouldn't get me addicted and I wasn't ruining my life, I started using other substances mostly to see what they were like, and a shameful time or two of trying to be cool and edgy   I've got a couple for this:  1) One of the first times I ever did acid, I wound up driving myself home after everyone else started to pass out. I expected my roommate at the time to be asleep or at his lady friend's place. Such was not the case, and my roommate asked if I was on drugs or something (anti-drug fellow) I also had a lofted bed at the time so I just told him I was drunk, grabbed my pillow and blanket off my bed and slept on the floor. So there's my fail.     2) My success is basically everyday, between taking phone calls and planning arrangements drunk as fuck if I don't have to be somewhere or high as fuck if the day of the week ends in Y     I haven't been outside the U.S. so I can't say for certain, but I figured it would apply to most developed countries.    I'm at a St. Paddy's get together so no worries on me lol. But thanks for the concern /u/roi_on_steroids    Not sure if condescension or sarcasm or both lol      It's as I thought of the project already: ambitious, but a tad unrealistic at the time.   So we're all on a conveyor belt and fed years of marketing? Good metaphor for American life       Season 9 comes out on Netflix this month    Listen to the AMA by JP Tremblay, Mike Smith, and Robb Wells (Julian, Bubbles, and Ricky). They said that John Dunsworth (Lahey) has never been drunk on set and doesn't drink in general.  Edit: put the response in the right place this time   Listen to the AMA by JP Tremblay, Mike Smith, and Robb Wells (Julian, Bubbles,  and Ricky). They said that John Dunsworth (Lahey) has never been drunk on set and doesn't drink in general.   Bowser takes over the Mushroom Kingdom. Thanks, Obama.   Yeah, Not Another Teen Movie was wonderful. /s   I saw Family Guy use this in a cutaway as a "million dollar idea". How would this fight turn out? Movie universes for both, Nolan verse for Batman   Agreed. I have my gun time. I have my drug time. These two don't meet, unless it's an open field and a case of beer....gotta get new targets somehow   I love the sentiment and fully agree. But I actually am in full control of my life, what I'm doing, and I have a strong vision laid out for my next few years   Funny you mention that. I actually have some saved back    True. Mine is also out in the country a ways so I don't have to worry about that   I love night trips as well, it's just being able to be outside without all the weird glares and looks is refreshing. Also, it's sunny and 60, after months of well...not being that. What's not to love?   Your user name's command was not heeded   The doubling down on Murphys part? They're all like "he's totally never sniffed glue before, no way he knows what that's like" and yet, you know, he has. It's all double talk   First off: yes, highly recommend   I took 2 hits of some good acid about 3 hours ago, and I like where this trip is heading, mainly because I'm the pilot of my own journey, and not being led along.  I also feel more calm and centered compared to other trips, and I actually feel like I'm doing something with my day off.  I just wanted to put words in this box.   I read the BWAH in Hank Hill voice   I think you're recommendation at the 150-220 is a little high for some people on their first time. I'd keep it between 100-150 personally. Also some people have different thresholds when it comes to 'tripping'.   I wouldn't say I get anxious. No, I go in the polar opposite: I get giddy, excited, I act like a kid in a candy store who can pick out whatever he wants.    I jizzed in my pants!   And then Arnold came from the future seeking John Connor   I've always seen and heard that you should wait at least a month in between each time doing it    Spice    And you will probably feel this way for the rest of your life   My high changes based on what I have been doing within the past week or two, from the holy fuck I'm baked of being sober for that time or the I feel warm and fuzzy and colors looks warmer of shrooms   4 or 5. Jack would kill a couple people, then Anubis would gradually become faster and more adapt, learning all of Jack's techniques, and then being able to defeat him. If someone can link a good strength feat for Jack, then he could possibly do what Star Platinum did to defeat Anubis.    I was scared for you while reading this    They could also go through a bunch of home remedies and absurdities, including drinking piss or semen, enemas, amongst other shenanigans, before saying fuck it and doing all the drugs   You're taught to shoot for the areas with the greatest surface area and highest probability to hit. Also, I know a few people who own tazers and have been tazed myself, and it's not the worst thing ever   Don't stick your penis in that child   OH GOD KILL IT!!!!      Then cook the body   Because sometimes you need a beer to cope with the spiders    Can we use implied feat to extrapolate army sizes? Otherwise, they collide and fragments break off, turning into cosmic debris    Reading this almost made me sneeze   Paris Hilton was signed by Young Money   Cooking, netflix, wikipedia  Edit: I now have a car and job   Furniture. My poor toes    Can you smell what The Rock is cooking?   Last Wednesday, I did a .3 of MDMA and settled into listening to some music. I was enjoying myself, immersed in my peak, until I heard a loud knock on the door. I couldn't answer it since I would not have been able to hold a conversation. So, my parents wind up being forcefully woken up, and there was an officer at the door who brought my brother home. It turned out that he fell asleep at the wheel and ran off the road. I found out the next day that my brother blew a .05 and he had snorted 5 Loritab (his words) and then I told him my situation and how scared I was that there was a cop in my house while I was rolling. He laughed it off and was thankful he wasn't taken to jail.   Now I ask, what drug experience led to your biggest anxiety attack?   Does your grinder ever squeak? I have the same grinder and the thing does not shut up   ITT: acronyms    I remember whenever my cousin got out of rehab, he had to get his wisdom teeth cut out, and he said afterward the only thing they were allowed to give him was a little sedative for the operation and a higher dose ibuprofen.       When I had mine done, I was sedated and given Oxy (I have no idea why) since Oxies seemed way too strong.   This reminds me: I need to get back into the swing of one of my hobbies: bowling.    As of when I was in high school, yes. Also I see them come by my house twice a day still, and that's even after moving states. Where do you live that they don't run buses?   Why didn't they just put the kid on the bus then if the parents can't get him to school on time?    The last time I cleaned my wallet out, I found 3 hits of LSD. I cleaned it out again today, thinking I was going to find something. Well, I found an emergency 20 bill I had   The last time I cleaned my wallet out, I found 3 hits of LSD. I cleaned it out again today, thinking I was going to find something. Well, I found an emergency 20 bill I had   Fruit by the foot sounds like it could double as a gay porn title    I see the decaying remains of a once thriving planet as it gradually settles into gas and cosmic dust, showing the true circle of universal life. Beautiful    Because the night time is most commonly associated with when people can relax because the hustle, bustle and competition of everyday life usually happens when the sun is up and most people are at work   Worst stoner ever, The Intercept:     Okay, so a group of about 4 of us rolled up a couple blunts to smoke around before watching some Blue Mountain State. Everything is about normal, until one of the other guys (Intercept) goes to get water. He comes back, and instead of sitting in his chair, he walks over, grabs the blunt out of rotation, calls it an "interception" and proceeds to hit it...and hit it....and hit it. I have not smoked with this friend since because that completely ruined the circle. Even if it wasn't my weed in the blunt (mine was in the other one) that's still a shitty move. After that, I grab my weed and blunt, and leave,  saying I had somewhere to be. I've seen him do this with hookahs as well, and no one calls him out on it. Nice guy, just...that moment left a bad vibe on my [6]  My other one is the Storyteller:     This was a couple years ago. I had a bowl packed and going around, and it was smoked. Highness was felt. Then my friend at the time packed a bowl and passed it around. About midway through the second bowl, my friend starts telling a story, and goes on for about 15 minutes (I looked at my phone clock) without taking a hit or passing it. So, I ask whenever there is a break in the story if he is going to pass the bowl. His response went a little something like this: It's my fucking weed, don't be a mooching cock sucker, I'll tell a goddamn story if I fucking feel like it, and if you don't like it, then you take your dumbass home and don't bother me again. Other people were visibly bothered by his drawn out, retold stories, but I decided I'd be the one to nicely say something. As a result, I do not smoke with this friend.    I noticed in general my smoking circle has shrunk a lot, but the people who hit me up for stuff is rising. Also I have no problem with people telling stories, it's just whenever you're story is drawn out and there is a perfectly good bowl not being touched by anyone because one person is holding up the circle. I understand finishing your thought then taking a hit, because that is how I tell stories when stoned.     MP5 Deluxe. Also runs well between 3 people    Can Jules Winfield (Pulp Fiction ) stop Stone Cold Steve Austin (WWF/WWE) from saying what?   WHAT?   Based on what the chart bot showed me, I would attract a hookah smoking, drug using, bong ripping, comic book loving metal head who likes kittens. So basically, half the dudes on Reddit.   Not a single bit of love for Lars Ulrich? Or are we not allowed to like Metallica?      I tried to take off the top piece of a Kaloud Lotus without using the handle...I got 2nd degree burns on my hand after that one    Is that a horizontal diffuser? Also, I love the MP5 family!   Primus did the theme song for South Park   Smoking weed, making straight A's, living in my brothers shadow for a while, and some people thought I tried too hard   T  Buy tabs, go on adventures.       Buy a Thunderbird, drive around.    Implant titanium in my bones, be knockoff Wolverine.   Live off Thai food.   Buy toilet paper, stock up and resell during winter storms.      Buy thermite, become the next Michael Bay.   Buy everything else in the future as a technicality or theoretical expense.     Love the suggestions. Listening to John Williams though    Spring Awakening June 12-14, Soldier Fielf. Chicago, Illinois    Day 5: don't do them together. Coke kills MDMA rolls   $2700 at the most   Use a reagent kit. Seriously I've been sold meth and shit before, per my symptoms lining up with Erowid experiences. Don't trust it   Weed was for depression/anxiety.   I took any pain pills I could find for my messed up back.   MDMA gives me that open ability to talk about my life.   Officially diagnosed twice with Asperger's here. I can't talk to people well on a lot of things. Shrooms mellow me. LSD apparently turns me into a pretentious asshole    Update: loving the vibes. Had another friend suggest extra music so I should be good for most of the roll   I want to rip my bong sooooooooooooooo bad but I have a job interview Friday and a likely drug test next week. Haven't smoked in almost 2 weeks. It just feels like forever and my dreams have been weird.   I feel like this is every stereotypical stoners argument ever  	106
 HIKUUUUU   Bro i hope you won't forget me. ;)   That's just me. Always jumping to conclusions. :(   How can you tell?  	4
 Well, they're fun to squeeze and stuff...   I learned that while in the hospital being treated for depression, so if you want to find it online, feel free. That's not where I learned it.   Children of one alcoholic parent are 50% more likely to be addicted to substances.   Okay, but I don't even want to drink when I'm of age, so I obviously don't want to do pot or anything else. I come from a family of alcoholism, so it's more likely for me to become addicted. It's not worth it.   Breasts don't make me feel like "a beast with a mane."   lol, her handwriting is crap.   no worries, i got it. i just like to brag about what a good kid i am :P   lol, not me. i'm a singer and a dancer; my body is too important to me to put poisons in it.   Holy crap, pre-cal and you're thirteen. THAT'S AMAZING!  But I understand the feeling. I eventually learned to not care what my parents or anyone else expected or wanted of me, but for my goal to be proud of myself. Now I hold myself to a high standard and am happy with who and where I am. I have room for improvement, but I know that, noone is telling me it. I know it's easier said than done, but I did it and it feels amazing.  *hugs*   Fifteen, and never touched the stuff. Never will.   [How I feel reading this thread...](http://data2.whicdn.com/images/36428642/tumblr_m9mwckWbYT1rfolixo1_500_large.gif)   That shouldn't matter. If he/she cares, you either don't know them well enough or are going after the wrong person.   As a girl feeling really lonely this time of year, I second this.   I'm a girl. I feel left out too.   Seinfeld is pretty awesome.   Oh wow, this is GORGEOUS! Thanks for sharing!   Really?   That's awesome! Always have goals in place. If you just keep going without a set goal, it makes it harder.  You know, I'm not one of those people who were really addicted or anything, but I feel more in control of myself. I feel proud and clean to say that I don't masturbate.   Thanks!   You too(:   Let's do it together(:   Thank you(:   Yay! That's great, congrats! Keep pushing, it's so worth it!   Congrats!   Hell yeah! I'm proud of us too. Let's do this!   Yes.   Well, it's actually been pretty easy this run, but still looking forward to more ease! Thanks so much(:   Try flipping the pic and reposting.   Best of luck! My advice is to keep yourself as busy as possible. When you do, it kind of flies by!   Awesome quote, very helpful. Thanks for sharing!   Yay! Nothing to say, just felt like sharing(: Have a good day!   Omg, I meant to say month... I don't know what's wrong with me.   It gets easier and feels shorter as time goes on. Just keep yourself busy and it will make your journey a *lot* easier.   Awesome! Nothing to say, just felt like sharing(: Have a good day!  **EDIT:** Oh my gosh, I meant to say month... Woops.   Oh, okay. I had that happen to a friend. Sorry to hear.   wrong sub   Ow. What'd you do?   *That's* your running late makeup? Not fair. You're so gorgeous.   Thanks for reading.   Hmu if you need some help.   Hey, congrats on four weeks!   Thanks(:   Tonight, I was tempted for the first time in my longest streak ever, and something changed. The feelings were between mild and strong and the demons were tempting me (metaphor), but... I didn't give in. I was strong. Usually no matter how small the temptation is, I give in.  I'm changing. ... I'm changing! Holy crap, I'm actually becoming a better person!  I never felt as if my life was changing until now. I just decided that I would be better off if I quit, and now I realize why! I'm actually changing my life.  Be strong in your journey, even when it's seemingly impossible. **You can change too.**   Are you joking?   /r/NoFap is an absolutely wonderful community. I'm currently on day 27 of my streak and feel so much more wholesome and pleasing to God. I highly suggest you check it out. I had been struggling with thinking about quitting, but this community helped me make the jump. Please check this out, it does wonders!  I would like to add that there have been times where I felt like God was always by my side and times where I couldn't *feel* Him at all. That's okay. I understand the fear; I have felt it too. That's kind of what faith is about. Believing and following through thick and thin. Don't think that He has abandoned you just because you feel more distant. It doesn't happen for a specific reason that I know of. He will always be here for you. And we're here for you too.   It's really not bad, but I'm glad you asked because airy sound is my biggest pet peeve. When you sing, focus your sound forward. Imagine you sound is a laser beam and it shoots straight into the ridge in the front of your mouth where it goes from flat to a hill by your teeth. (I hope that made sense...) Also, picture your sound as a laser beam and not a flashlight. These things sound weird, but then can almost automatically improve your sound(:   Oh damn... I was not expecting that.   He's also wearing Heeleys.   Omg, it's you from the towel turban thread! Lol small ~~world~~ subreddit :P   and a half...   Warm up everyday. Push yourself further and further out of your comfort zone. While warming up, crescendo the entire phrase. I know this isn't awesome advice, but the best I can provide through a comment and without actually hearing you.   [Finally, I can show off my purple towel!](http://imgur.com/zehGhgi)   What the hell? I took Geometry my freshman year and it was so damn hard... Serious jealous vibes going your way.   Remember when you could rewind a YouTube video without having to reload the entire page?   So much better. Very nice look on you!   Wow! These are amazing!! We're so happy for you(:   I'm trying(: Best of luck to you as well!   Great idea! Tails.   Welcome, we're glad to have you! My advice is 1) Keep yourself busy. If you're too busy doing something, your mind doesn't have time to make you fall. If you're feeling the urge to relapse, take a walk, call up a friend, do *something*.  2) Your body will trick you. The reason that I have relapsed before is that when you get really turned on, your body will tell your brain that you don't want to get turned off, distracted, whatever. *But that is wrong.* Whenever you feel the tiniest urge and your body is telling you how nice it is, get busy or come here to NoFap.  3) This is more of a personal idea, but I don't think cold showers are very helpful. For some people they are, but to me, the last thing I want to do is get naked and alone. If it works for you, great, but it never worked out for me personally.  4) Post or read as much as possible. This journey is so much easier when you know someone out there is rooting for your success.  5) Your relapses suck, but they make you stronger in the end. If you fall, pick yourself up and vow to make your next streak longer. The worst thing you can do for yourself is accept your failure, but then *continue* to fail.   Well, hope you enjoyed that wall of text. Good luck! Best wishes!   You know, I can't say that I've really noticed much. I wasn't hardcore addicted when I started here, but I chose to quit because of my faith. I never even felt *that* bad doing it, but I'm glad to know that I can control myself. I don't have to listen to what my body wants.   Glad I could help(:   Congrats!   Well, it's not an actual split, but that is a cool gif.   Glad I could help(:   My secret. **Keep. Busy.** I have been so busy these last few weeks I didn't even notice how much progress I've made. I should be proud of myself, but it's been so easy.  So, if you're feeling tempted, go for a walk, call up a friend, do something to take your mind off of it. When your mind tells you that you don't want to be distracted, rise above it. Be a better version of yourself everyday.  I love you guys. Stay strong.   My thoughts exactly.   Mine are too, now that I think of it. Thanks for sharing.   Sorry man. Best of luck to you and your girlfriend!   Wow, this was awesome. Thanks for sharing!   Sophomore here. All I want is some damn sleep... I have so much on my plate right now I feel like I could break down at any minute. So many of my classes I have assignments to do, papers to write, projects to finish, but I don't understand anything that I"m doing. I don't know if this helps at all, but **you're not alone**. We're here suffering with you. Trudge on 3   Okay, thanks(:   Wow, thanks(: I also have one question. Does it really prime like it says it does, or should I continue to use my primer with it? By the way, I have oily skin. Thanks again, this was really helpful(:   Do you have a drugstore foundation that you would suggest over them?   Hello lovelies,  I'm going to pick up some foundation tomorrow, and my favorite YouTube makeup artist switched from Colorstay, what I'm using now, to the 3-in-1 foundation. I don't really have any problems with the Colorstay, but our skin is very similar and I was considering making the switch. Have any of you tried one or both, and do you have a preference? Thanks(:  EDIT: Sorry, typo. I meant **Revlon Colorstay**. The 3-in-1 is Covergirl. My bad.   With the right guys, I think we could build a better view of women altogether! but that's quite ambitious(:   I'm right there with ya sister. Yw(:   It definitely was(:   Oh man... Girl, you have some be-U-tiful eyes!! Love this look! I would try sharpening up your brows a bit, though. The subtle filling makes them look a little messy.   Woow. You are gorgeous! Even in bad lighting, I absolutely love this look. Plus I'm super jealous of your brows.   You are so pretty! I think you did great(: Keep posting!   You are so sweet!! I love hearing from guys on this subreddit. Glad you enjoy it! Would love to see your gf join us(:   Wow, this looks like an awesome liner! Thanks(:   I'm on Chrome and it doesn't work and never has.   He has the exact same voice as Will Smith.   No way he's over 18...   Not cringe-worthy at all. Just funny.   Awesome, thanks so much(:   Wow, sounds great! Thanks(:   I got that one in white and it was very crumbly and I kind of hated it... Thanks for the suggestion, though.   Yeah, I've been looking at that one this afternoon, and it looks really awesome. Still deciding if I want to dish out the money for it though.  	90
 Throwaway. I do this mostly to educate or dispel stigmata attached to homelessness and mental illness in the U.S.. I will not entertain any job offers or any form of assistance, cash or otherwise (thank you kindly just the same).  Some background:  * have slept outdoors for 23 months in a region where winters are very mild * clean-cut, clean-shaven and well-enough-dressed. The only way you would know I'm homeless is if you stumbled upon me at my urban camp site * laid-off from an okay job with benefits in April 2009 due to state budget cuts * BA degree in Communication * medicated for major depression, otherwise mostly healthy * drug-free and sober * possessions are only a sleeping bag, some clothes, a small backpack and a laptop with case * I travel in the same circles as other homeless people but am acquainted with only a few.   Duty now for the future.  	2
    What style do you even call this? Sketch?  So awesome.    So beautiful i love the style    The last of us    Having same issue... I'm not getting the email either D: (Ontario, Canada)   miss_kissta       She's standing on the couch in the other room.       Medium yarn (4) knit in the round (70) then (22) rows main colour,  then (22) rows secondary colour.  There is 10 blocks of main colour and 9 blocks secondary.  Added the tasles at the end to join the ends. I used a size 16 round needle for the wntiee thing and a crochet hook for the tasles   Only yarn I could find at my local craft shop that fit the bronze was lion brand yarn in rust colour    Thank you! Of course the colours are perfect :)       I always have an arcanine with me c:   We must have the UK version in Canada.    My books never had chapter art.  Though I'm in Canada and my books were made by Raincoast/Bloomsbury.    	16
 I didn't get the nausea, but I felt off-balance and shaky for a good month or so. Drowsiness is still a problem though.    For me, I sleep incredibly deep on it. Like sleep through 8 alarms and be late to work six times in five months deep.   Is this a verified side-effect?       agreed. and they exist alongside religion. economics, "security", revenge, supremacy, racism, etc.   Apply this to any religion ever.    Take out my phone, snap pictures of sports games, archives of lottery ticket winners, and stock market trends. When I get to 2007, i'll have millions AND the coolest phone in the world.    How much of my liver has turned into fat and scar tissue.    Thanks. Fixed.    I don't understand you, Reddit.       Heard Em' Say - Kanye 'Em    White Light/White Heat - Velvet Underground  Edit: THE Velvet Underground    Come hang out with me in Beijing! You'll love it here.       I just watched "The Girl". It's about how Hitch tortures Tippy Hederen on set because she won't have sex with him. Then proceeds to threaten to blackmail her because she won't have sex with him.    In your mom   In the arms of my frat brah, laying on the vom pillow he made for me.   	18
 The mindset where if someone thinks something you don't they must be wrong. I have been getting some backlash lately over things that seem so trivial. Despite the fact that I always make a point to not be rude or offensive.        Reddit is such a wonderful place sometimes, but it can also be really cruel and closed minded.    Some pretty serious BDSM type stuff.       I also had a dream a while back that I actually got wet from, I was dreaming I could go down on myself. It was weirdly awesome and I was incredibly sad when I woke up and realized I was actually not able to do that.    Someone else that is making noise and moving shit around because they are all frustrated or something. I can't handle people's shitty moods that early.   Um. Ladybugs.        I can't really even talk about it.    That would smell so fucking awful.    "Let me see that pussy!" Or whatever other vulgar shit like that. I can't even think of any specific ones. It happens every time I am in public. Usually more than once. Riding my bike four miles through the city I have gotten up to 20 cat calls. They're generally crude and make me feel gross.         It's one of my least favorite things ever.    What sort of positive and negative impacts do you make on the world and those around you? Please explain in detail.    Aren't we all?   Yes.   Yeah I would be fuuuuucked.       But I think it would be more efficient to ask about specific genetic ailments and the severity of them.         High blood pressure≠Huntingtons disease.   I have been wondering if I have classical as well as hypermobility type.    They do nothing for me.   I want my head between her legs.   When I just watched something and I have to watch it again. Like if someone wants to watch an episode of something and I just saw it. Or someone missed like 30 seconds of a movie and insists on rewinding it but ends up rewinding two minutes. For some reason it really irritates me.            You can ask for the whole can.   One of the genetic lottery ones. I always miss them. But I have a weird genetic disease. It's actually really cool besides the fact that it is ruining my life.        Edit: it's ehlers-danlos syndrome type 3.   There's not much of one. My body has always felt like shit. Just figured out I have ehlers-danlos syndrome, dysautonomia, TMJ, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, fibromyalga, and osteoarthritis.       But I am 23 and one of the few solutions is opoids. So they still won't treat me. The last guy wanted me to get a bone scan but wouldn't order it. That's what every doctor is like.    Of course.   Yeah apparently it's not ok for people to step out of the boxes they are put in. I usually get along with guys really well because it's easy to fit in until someone can't handle it. I also have close girlfriends. Just for the record.        My best friend's boyfriend thinks I hate him because we tease each other all the time. I don't get it.    Yeah I don't get it. I have found that when I hang out and joke around with the boys (you know, normal endearing ornerness) and there always one guy that thinks I am being mean even though everyone else is making the same jokes. It's too easy to come off as bitchy. Gender rolls are confusing.    I don't think I am above that, but I am different from that. There is plenty about my lifestyle that other people don't understand or disagree with.       I'm not saying they are assholes and I would do better. I am saying it is weird to me and I live a different kind of life.       I'm not sure what about that calls for downvotes. If anything it just means I live an odd kind of life.   I'm pretty sure I could rock a penis.   I really love my armpit hair. I have also found that is the easiest way to get downvotes and insulting comments.       Fuck it. My hair makes me happy. I also like men's deodorant and underwear. There was a sex shop that sold some of those shewee products (so women can pee standing up while camping and stuff) but the ones they had were sort of shaped like penises and came in all kinds of colors with sparkles and shit. I wish I had gotten one.       I have a boyfriend for the record. I just don't understand why and where the line exists between genders all the time. I am actually pretty feminine and don't have any problems with dating and all that.   Ted. I thought the humor was really cheap and obvious. It was too immature. I feel like it was directed towards a demographic that I in no way to fit into.    It was just so much dialog. I didn't find it charming. Usually Terentino's films have great monologs. I really can't stand Pulp Fiction either. (I know, I'm a bad person) it just doesn't do it for me. I love everything else by him.   Percoset. I would be able to do stuff today.    I was like 17. My mom's husband spit in my face and his 40 something daughter that was the size of a buffalo attacked me. I left a muffin on the desk in my room.    "Hey dad can I have some money?"       Just kidding. He's an alcoholic.    For ten years over a dozen doctors have ignored a patient's chronic pain, see what happens when she is diagnosed with a rare genetic disorder!   How does that mean I have to understand them? I don't see why this is controversial. Before I stopped working because I am disabled I still hardly spent money on things that weren't necessary. Half my clothes came out of free boxes. Paying $8 for a pack of slim fast that I needed because I couldn't chew food was a lot tof me event though I had plent money. I hardly spend money. Currently my biggest expense is for a prescription that I need in order to function.         If I did have a lot of money I don't think much would change. Yeah I would put it towards a better living situation and such. But I would still probably make my own furniture rather than buying any. If anything I would get a big enough house that would allow me to foster eight rescue dogs and rent out extremely cheap rooms for people who need it.          Money is not the only thing about my lifestyle that is different from the people I am talking about.    Just because I don't understand people like that doesn't me I don't think others can't think that way about my life. All I did was answer the question. And that is my real answer.         For the record, I rarely buy clothes that aren't cheap and second hand, I don't have a car, I refuse to pay money to go to the theater, and I drink tap water.        Every time I shower I am grateful that I have access to a house with running water. I can even drink it, that's amazing. I get to eat food in all kinds of variety, the amount of vegetables I have access to is incredible and it is all because I am lucky enough to live in a first world country.       When I have the chance to give to charity or provide someone in need with a meal I do. I have distant family in the Philippines that have to walk five miles each way to get their daily supply of water.        No shit there are people that would be baffled by how I live and I do what I can to respect that.    Fucking doctors about my chronic pain. "You really just need to exercise, try and be active, stretch your muscles out."         Turns out I have a connective tissue disorder and that is almost the exact opposite of what I should do. The only exercise I should do is very specific. Definitely no cardio or stretching.         And it turns out that they actually need to do their jobs and do doctor stuff so I can have a life rather than brush me off.         I have seriously had some major conditions my entire life and not a single doctor bothered looking into it. They just blamed me for not exercising and eating right. And I'm not even overweight.    Jackfruit. It almost smells like durian but not nearly as pungent. And it is delicious.    I was SUPER insane for a while when my chronic pain first got bad. I have always had depression but at that time it turned in to psychotic depression. It lasted like a month or two. I was screaming and crying and punching myself in the head every night. It was really scary not having any control over myself.       Then I got on antidepressants and now I am able to think rationally.    I'm 23. Gone to college or pursued any more education. I also don't drive.       I am good at learning, bad at structure and deadlines. And the driving thing just scares me.        My dad's side of the family (who I am closest to) are all well educated. I would like to be but I'm not sure I am that kind of person.        Rather I ran off with a band and performed for a living for a bit then had an awesome job doing grunt work at a dog rescue.    To get enough treatment for my pain that I can actually live a life similar to that of a normal 23 year old. I don't expect to ever be perfectly functional or have the same amount of energy as most, but I would love to go back to work.       That probably won't ever happen though.        Despite having good insurance and everything.     My best friend and I have words for other things rather than their actual words. Bread is wheat loaf. If you have seen the movie The Core, they build a ship to go to the center of the earth. We dubbed it a dirt ship.        And jock straps. Well those are crotch bras.        Being an adult is hard.   "You're so beautiful, I just really need human contact. Nobody ever likes me and I am so lonely. Please come home with me and hold me. Please." *starts crying* "I won't try and have sex with you. I just really like you and you are so awesome. Please just hold me. It's been so long."        This is a real thing that I have seen happen and it is really fucking creepy and uncomfortable. It's pretty extreme but playing any degree of a pity card is a bad idea.    I am specifically talking about people like that though. I didn't get too specific in the main comment because I didn't think it mattered and I didn't expect anyone to pick it apart. I just answered the question.    Same. It's one of the only things in my life currently that I actually like. I will think about quitting when I can have a life again.    I'm not *quite* a male. But how trashed she will get and how she acts when she is trashed. I am all about having fun and getting drunk once in a while, but I could never be with a broad like that.   Even if I had that kind of money I would never spend it like that though. And if I did I couldn't live with myself if I didn't give at least that much to charity on a regular basis.    Coffee. Could be worse?    [Touching my tongue to my nose](http://i.imgur.com/ANBzwoa.jpg)        [This bullshit](http://i.imgur.com/opdFZKj.jpg)        Among other things like that. It's not cool because it is caused by a genetic condition that is ruining my life. The amount of braces I need would make me look like fucking buzz lightyear.    I worked at a hole in the wall Italian joint that was ran by Chinese people. Food was never spat in. But there was other gross shit going on that was not up to code.       The bosses were so cheap that they refused to toss chicken that started going bad so it still got served. The cooks would tell the rest of us when not to eat it. I'm pretty sure they are getting shut down.    I worked at a non profit dog rescue until I got too ill. I just did grunt work though. If there was anyone against that kind of work they can suck a dick. If someone leaves their dog chained up out back all the time I WILL FUCKING TAKE IT AWAY FROM YOU.       It's not about what people think, it's about the well being of a living, breathing, loving animal.      Some people don't deserve pets because they are too selfish to take care of them properly.    Well we are currently long distance so it would be really awkward. I don't think that translates well to phone sex. Or skype.        Also he would be fuuuuucked and stuck with like eight conditions and a ton of chronic pain.       I would be having a field day.    Fuck yes adobo. Seriously my favorite food. I had some yesterday.    I used to play music a lot. Mostly my banjo ukulele and singing but I also play wash tub bass and autoharp. I still try to play a little and I do when I am drinking with musical friends. But my health has gone to shit so I don't play much anymore because I have early onset osteoarthritis in my hands and such.       Now I sit on the couch all day with my phone a pile of jigsaw puzzles.    That she is on heroin. It's past the point where anyone can help. She has to decide to quit on her own.       I can't really hate her though, no one is as similar to me as my sister and I still love her and like her. I'm just sad for her.   I played wash tub bass with a friends band for a while. When I first picked it up that's how I was making a living but it only lasted a few months.        After a year rolls around one of the well paying gigs wanted us back again for their annual party. I had to dig my wash tub out of the back of the closet and somehow when we played the gig I still remembered all the songs.        They gave us food and booze and money. It was a good day.    People that have money and spend it frivolously. It blows my mind that some people will just spend $400 on a whim.    Because you need to fucking floss.    A medical lawyer.       Doctors suck and I need to get them to actually treat me so I can have a life.    Yes! It kind of makes me not have a personality.    Seriously. It's so fucked. As soon as I get denied the first time I am finding the best lawyer I can get.    Hopefully.    All I am prescribed is cymbalta (60 mg 2x a day) and tramadol (50 mg every 6 hr). And I take some other otc stuff like melatonin and stool softeners.        The cymbalta actually makes my pain a tiny bit worse. But it makes me sane.     I was really hoping that tramadol would work for me but it's not really. Maybe about half as much as I would like it to. But I doubt I will be given anything stronger.    I need the same thing. I think there are a couple of them in olympia but I'm not sure if they are decent or not.       I haven't even gotten my diagnosis yet because the geneticist at UW turned me down.   I mean, it just sounds to me like she was naive. Normally girls like that have a low self worth. But maybe she is just into that shit, in which case I don't care. That's just not usually how it works.    I don't understand how people can't tell what their body needs. There's a difference between what I want and what I should eat. I just know weather I need calcium and fat or when I need protein or fruit. It seems so simple to just pay attention to my body. Sometimes I crave things I don't even like. Like carrot juice. So I can easily assume that's what I need.    Not to you.    Yes.   Does that make a difference?    Yeah I have done that too. Not in the bathroom though. I would drink beer also. If I was there after my shift (to wait for a ride or my check or something) I could have probably gotten away with walking around with a beer. As long as there were no visitors.       It is a dog rescue and most of the kennel cleaners are alcoholics and already drink on the job all day. Once in a while I would go to the back during breaks and get someone to give me a swig of whiskey.    That's sad and disgusting.    She is clearly an awful person. You didn't do anything, what she did was entirely unacceptable.    Yeah I had to read that a couple times to understand. I should probably go lay down.    I do the same thing. Laugh and cry. I'm 23 so I know how bull shit it is.        I actually want to get another one of those printed out so I can color it in and show my other doctors.    Dude I'm an adult.   My mother's ex husband.    As a girl, probably alone. Unless the girl is my partner or something.    Rare genetic disorder with several obscure symptoms. Lucky me.   Well this is legal but it is treated like it isn't a lot of the time. Narcotics. The war on drugs has really corrupted medical treatment. There are so many people in chronic pain that have tried everything to fix it but the only thing that actually makes a difference is narcotics. Yet doctors tell them no because they will become addicted (despite the fact that there is only a less than 2% chance of that happening under proper medical supervision). The abusers have ruined it for everyone.    Yeah it took me a while to figure out. It also causes me to have POTS. And it makes it really hard for me to pee. Haha. Because the urinary sphincter is supposed to be controlled automatically and mines not.       Being in my body is like driving a stick. Hahaha.   I really love a lot of the late 90s fashion. The way they made dresses then are flattering on me. The weird alien merchandise. And the platform shoes. Okay maybe not the best but they make me happy.    For my health to get better. For my pain to be low enough that I can feel like a normal 23 year old sometimes. And maybe even get to the point where I can work.      Anybody?    Relieved. It is really about time and everyone fighting for it is probably exhausted. I'm sure there are kinks to be worked out. But that battle is basically over.        There are probably millions of people that are so relieved, extatic, celebrating, and realizing that they are no longer repressed and can finally celebrate their love with their partner just as others can.      Knowing that there is so much hugging, crying, laughing, and screaming going on right now. Well that feels good.   They don't actually care about people's feelings. They just like to argue and be right.   The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho.        It is such a great book but it really doesn't get enough recognition.    That's not how that works and that's not what I said. My life is positive and I don't hurt other people. So I am done explaining/repeating myself.        And the reason you will never know me if because you are some random person on reddit. Not because you don't like dogs.    I have already said it doesn't make them a bad person. And why do you care about whether or not I'm antisocial?          Sometimes, sometimes not. Like I have said, I'm not saying that everyone that doesn't like dogs are evil and should be banned. I just don't invite them into my life.          Two decent people can have problems with each other and not get along. It doesn't mean one of them has to be bad.   That doesn't prove your point though.    Isolated truth.   That's not how that works. Stereotypes are a shitty thing to do. Even if you were right one example wouldn't mean anything.       Seriously, how are you legitimately trying to convince someone to believe in some stereotype you are advocating?        This is beginning to get much to silly for me.    Being called 'babe' by strangers.   I see a guy with dreads that seems to be part of some kind of cause. What does that prove?   Tramadol isn't working like I hoped and I know that doctors won't give me anything stronger.    What are you even trying to imply? Do you just not have a reasonable response?    How? I have never really been wronged by a dog. People do shitty things all the time. When a dog might do harm you can tell, aside from there being some sort of mental issue.        Do you really think people are all that trustworthy?    But the rest of us don't want anything to do with stereotypes. And considering I have been to many places with a heavy concentration of dreaded people and things like kombucha and metaphysical supplies, I doubt the one place you have been to is some kind of exception. Which gives me more reason to believe that you are close minded than that your stereotypes are a real thing.    It's beginning to seem like you have some kind of weird obsession.    Why people are so opinionated about the body hair on a woman they don't even know. It's amazing how many people will go out of their way to hurt someones feelings about something so insignificant. Which really applies to many things.       I really just don't understand what it is about my armpit hair that people take so personally.    The point was made by everyone but you.       Why is anyone supposed to care about Fremantle? And it's not like that was the point you were trying to make in the first place anyway. Which is what I am addressing.    But that's not what was being talked about. So considering the rest of us are *not* there that is pretty irrelevant.    EXACTLY.    Well I have a friend with a band that was going on tour with her boyfriends band. I was needing to do something with my life and had just gotten out of a messy relationship. So my friend invited me to come along and sell their merch at their shows and then street perform with them when we got to the destination. (They had an amazing stand up bass player for tour but not once we got there.)       The trip (US) was from the Pacific Northwest to New Orleans and we all made the trip in an old Chevy bluebird school bus. It was a crazy ride with tons of shows and all kinds of people we stayed with. There were a couple breakdowns and the transmission had to be replaced both times. Once for two weeks and when we finally left we immediately got stuck in a snowstorm. About 14 hours at a dead stop on the highway. So we drank whiskey and took naps. Oh and I peed on the road in front of the bus.        Now my friends boyfriend is rather eccentric. He dresses like he's from the 20's and used to be in a popular circus sideshow. So he had some clown friends and that who's house we parked outside of. I ended up performing with the clowns as well as my friends band.      That house had at least a dozen people living at it. One of them took an interest in me. It was winter and incredibly cold outside, and I was sleeping on the bus on a hard little bunk that was crammed right up against the ceiling, I could hardly turn over. It was so cold I slept in my snow suit. Then one of the guys in the house invited me to sleep in his bed. He kept hands to himself for weeks and was quite the gentleman.        We have been together for a year and a half or so now. It looks like it won't survive much longer though due to shitty circumstances.                But yeah. That's the extended answer.    Not everyone with dreads or body hair have those kinds of ideals though. I personally have only met a handful of them. Yet I know dozens of dreaded/hairy girls that are not like that.       But I know profiling is *super cool* and all so CLEARLY it would be much better if we all made those kinds of assumptions.    The way people treat each other.    I am the product of one. So yes. And I suppose I am currently in one. I'm half white half not. My partner is mexican.       Some people are racist, some just have their preferences without being racist. As a matter of fact, my partner won't date mexican girls. He just has his preferences.    You tagged my username to call me crazy?       I don't disagree but how I feel about people and dogs isn't a factor. I know at least dozens of people who share my point of view. It's okay if you don't see it the same way. But everyone lives completely different lives and have all kinds of opinions that differ from others. Just because some of them are in opposition doesn't mean one of them has to be insane. And what is more important than opinions is weather or not they use them to go around and hurt others. Try and be a little more open minded.         There's people that live their lives in all kinds if weird ways. I don't assume they are crazy though.        And like I said, if it weren't for people like me there would be millions of dogs with no homes or dead for that matter. So I guess if being "crazy" gives me the drive and opportunities to make a positive impact on the world then I am okay with that. I do what I can to be kind and caring to others, particularly those who need it. It's not like I go around being mean to people because they don't like dogs or whatever other things that don't make sense to me.        And I certainly don't accuse them of being crazy (because it is an unkind thing to do, and I don't want to be the type of person that does hurtful things).   The gas when I had a root canal.    Basic juggling.    I sort of count. I am 1/4 Filipino and 1/4 hispanic. But unlike my sister I look mostly white. This sometimes puts me in weird situations like when someone says something about Mexicans or whatever assuming there is no one around to offend/that it is okay to be racist.     One time I was with a friend and her friend at the house he lived at with another guy. I was maybe 15 at the time so it was somewhat shocking and I don't remember all the details. So we are hanging out and the roommate seemed kind of cockey but whatever, then my friend brings up that I am 'asian' or something.      The guy immediately started being insulting about it and acting irritated. He kept being rude to me until I told my friend that I needed to get the fuck out of there and we left.       It was really weird.        Aside from that I don't like that with white friends I have had I am the token brown friend or something, and then all my brown friends (not to mention my family) tease me for being white.    For ladies, the handheld shower head. Seriously the best.       BUT when it's not the hand held type I have figured out how to McGyver my way to orgasm. It doesn't always work if the shower head doesn't come far enough off the wall, I have figured out how to get around that sometimes though.   This involves a hair tie and a wash cloth. The hair tie goes over the shower head first, then drape the cloth in top so one corner is hanging down in a way that all the water coming out is pouring off the corner and then use the hair tie to hold it in place. And then of course you lay down and get busy.        Depending on the shower this can sometimes create a stronger stream than what may be desirable. In that case the cloth can sometimes be adjusted so the stream is more spread out. Or you can deal with it by just letting it hit off to the side of your sensitive area (which personally I find quite nice).       And that is how you get off in a pinch.        Yeah people don't take me seriously a lot of the time. But I know that what is going on is not fucking normal.       I get fevers too by the way. But they happen off and on all day. Every day. Dysautonomia.    Yeah its making some people defensive. But it is really an efficient thing in my life.       I'm surprised there are actually people on both sides of my opinion.       Yeah but drunk and dirty.   I once lived in the ghetto in a house full of clowns (like actual performing shit show clows). And when I say ghetto I mean Katrina territory of New Orleans.        Several of the clowns had these shopping cart/bicycle hybrids that were painted all circus style. It was a whole new flavor of trashy.       Many shenanigans were had at that place.   I have all those but from different fun diseases. I wish it was diabetes.   	112
 I'll get to it   I'll get to it   Just watch the episode most of them ran, not all monsters are bad.   But does evolution apply to the supernatural world?    Most of the monsters ran they didn't stay and fight    Based on most of your comments, you could attract the positive end of a magnet   Sorry 17         Oh I will get one just wait   Everyone's opinions are different  if you don't like it downvote and move on   [Thanks;)] (http://media.tumblr.com/524eb3c5c0afa66af19e19a1419f0aee/tumblr_inline_mwowsggdgd1s09aku.gif)   Once I saw the clawed guy I was like deans going to mention Freddy Kruger    I liked bloodlines and stand behind it same as Jared and Misha. I feel like they could do allot with it, but the one thing I didn't like was the main hunter character kind of looked like drake but he was interesting and I felt he played his character well this is just my opinion and everyone has their own.   I really liked this episode and could stand behind this spin off I think it's going to be a success.   I liked it !    Probably a stupid question but how do you get those supernatural qoutes by your username when you comment?      RISE AND SHINE SAMMY!!      Do goldens have different coats for example [my golden has a red curly coat] (http://i.imgur.com/ZCQIHAu.jpg)but others are blonde and straight.care to explain?   Sorry buddy but not even close       So I can watch later lol   Poo on the floor ...poo on the floor everywhere       "A dog doesn't care if you're rich or poor, educated or illiterate, clever or dull. Give him your heart and he will give you his."-John Grogan     Well behavior like that would be from not being trained well my golden less than a year listens very well due to well training but he can get into trouble like any puppy would but all around a very good breed of dog!            Wouldn't the human become sick during transformation and pretty much empty all the contents of his/her stomach?    ..   .   Is he his side kick 'BUD'         Wait so you are telling me actors act in other shows? Woah   Isn't that ghost also the golem in season 8?   Wait so you are telling me actors act in other shows? Woah   Wait so you are telling me actors act in other shows? Woah      **Squirrel!**         [When you amazingly pass] (http://i.imgur.com/mJKyiwFl.jpg)   [i never know what she's doing back there] (http://i.imgur.com/7j4dXX3.png)   [first 4 seconds] (http://youtu.be/zfTAD0Nmrqo)      Shhhh;)      17*   That was beautiful    Sorry but who cares if it is a repost or not it's not like it affects your life drastically or negatively in anyway I didn't know it was a repost I had a good laugh and wanted to share it and this was the first place I thought of and besides this site probably get new people everyday.   [Oh this is just too good] (http://i.imgur.com/K176kUY.gif)   Sorry I can't remember every single post, that's an amazing talent my friend.      What was your all time favorite role to play?   Batdog!   "Stay out of my territory "      What type of dog is that or is she a mix?   Freedom of speech ....'Murica    Yo lil mama lemme whisper in yo ear "Hail hydra"         It's my mom though    I don't want to drop it but when people (family) say I'm just being lazy, you're a low life and stuff like that. My dad and brother are the only ones who believe my depression is real.i start to believe the things they say and think wtf is the point of high school if I'm not going to amount to anything.  	68
 Hi I'm interested! My site is also about ending the stigma of mental health and I share many of my stories on [The Unmarked Road](https://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com). I am also happy using my own name etc. :)     	2
    I've been dating this guy for a couple of weeks and everything is going pretty well, except for the fact that he doesn't stop bragging about himself.  I won't disclose where he is from but he always brags about how his race/culture is the best and always goes out of his way to point out things related to his race. But, the thing is, we are currently in an interracial relationship (I'm asian).  Sometimes I feel a bit bad because he'd be bragging about his culture and I feel as if he's degrading me, because I can't really relate. And I'm beginning to wonder why he likes me in the first place and why he doesn't just find a girl from his culture.  I've asked him why he likes me and he says that first of all, he has "yellow fever" and thinks asian girls are the cutest. He also emphasizes intelligence and sense of humour. But does this make up for the fact that I'm not part of his race?  Am I just overreacting or is thing a legitimate issue?  Tl;dr: Boyfriend brags about his culture and I feel degraded for not being part of it.   I've been dating this guy for a couple of weeks and everything is going pretty well, except for the fact that he doesn't stop bragging about himself.   I won't disclose where he is from but he always brags about how his race/culture is the best and always goes out of his way to point out things related to his race. But, the thing is, we are currently in an interracial relationship (I'm asian).  Sometimes I feel a bit bad because he'd be bragging about his culture and I feel as if he's degrading me, because I can't really relate. And I'm beginning to wonder why he likes me in the first place and why he doesn't just find a girl from his culture.   I've asked him why he likes me and he says that first of all, he has "yellow fever" and thinks asian girls are the cutest. He also emphasizes intelligence and sense of humour. But does this make up for the fact that I'm not part of his race?  Am I just overreacting or is thing a legitimate issue?  Tl;dr: Boyfriend brags about his culture and I feel degraded for not being part of it.           I've been dying my hair an auburn colour for the past 6 months and wanted to dye it a dark brown. I had about an inch of re-growth, which is black (asian hair).   I used a de-red packet and a medium chocolate brown and the colour turned out really nice except that my roots didn't really take in any colour so I have a dark brown with a reddish tint on the dyed parts of my hair with black roots.   How do I fix my hair so it is all one colour without dying it black? I want the colour on my roots to match my hair.   Here's a picture of my hair now: http://i.imgur.com/p3NVGel.png     My hair is originally a dark brown. Last year I dyed my hair red using L'oreal Hicolor but now want to return to my natural hair colour. I have about an inch of regrowth at the moment.   Would it be okay if I just dyed my hair a dark brown with 20vol developer or would the red still show?    Hi,  I am currently sponsoring my common-law spouse for his permanent resident papers. We have just submitted the application and won't hear from back until at least 6 months later.  Two years ago, he completed his diploma and have recently decided to go back to school to complete his bachelor's degree. So this means he has to apply for a student permit, which allows him to work for a maximum for 20 hours a week off-campus. His dad will be paying for his tuition since it is much higher for international students. Other than that, he has to support himself 100%. 20 hours a week will only make him ~$1000/month, which is definitely not enough to live off of.   Does he have any other options to go back to school and be able to support himself other than waiting to receive his permanent resident card so he doesn't have to pay the international student tuition? He is definitely looking to apply to bursaries and scholarships.    I don't think English is OP's native language.    I gave her multiple belly rubs! She loved them! :)   Gonna try this out! Thanks for sharing :)       Me too. I cried when I saw this picture. First, it made me miss my cat. Second, I realized that if I die, I won't get to see these beautiful pictures anymore and even though there's so much shit in the world, there's this and it might just be enough to make up for everything else.   	12
 I've wanted an app that makes me solve derivatives and integrals (simple stuff) to turn off the alarm for a long time. Still haven't found one.   Team 60s put together the group for the purples. Let's beat the other colors and donate the most rice! We have so many people than the other colors, we can easily win it. For the purples!!  http://freerice.com/content-group/team-60s   In honor of Matching day.   In '91 they were probably still teaching penmanship.  Source: I was 12 in 2001 and still learning penmanship.   This is my general attitude as an adult.   Mine does this. It says no new people, and then an hour later I'll have 15 or so cards without changing any settings. I also live in a college town with 30,000 people close to my age.   Hahahaha you're my new favorite person in this sub.   I second this.   I sent a message to the mods of the Hand, earlier today. Did you not receive it?   Times have changed in the past 2 or 3 years regarding phones. Maybe it's because I'm older than college-age now, but nearly everyone I know has at least an iPhone 5 or Android equivalent. You can even get a decent pay-as-you-go Android phone at Walmart now for $50.   My college roommate was picky about locking the deadbolt. He would leave for the entire summer though, and that was my time to never lock the door. My then-boyfriend needed to get something out of my place one day while I was at work, so I told him to just go over and the door will be unlocked. I get a call from him saying it's locked. I immediately freak out. I check to make sure I don't have my keys on me, maybe I had absentmindedly locked the door or something. But I don't have my keys. In a panic, I leave work and go home. Sure enough, the door is locked. I starting freaking out, thinking there's been a robbery and the culprit was kind enough to lock the door behind him/her, except the interesting thing is that the handle isn't locked (like you can do by locking it while the door is open and then closing the door behind you), but the dead bolt is locked. I text my roommate, thinking maybe he's returned from summer break a few weeks early, but he's in another state. We think maybe the dog jumped up and hit the lock by chance, but ruled that out as the dog is a 15lb Pom with bad hips. So we wait for the maintenance guy to come unlock the door. I go in expecting to walk into the scene of a burglary, but see nothing amiss. My house keys are sitting on the door-side table, where I always leave them. I ask maintenance if they'd been in that day and they say no.  To this day, I still have no idea how the deadbolt got locked, with the only set of keys that could do the deed, locked inside.   generally lower res  Not anymore. Do you know what year it is? Also just tested camera time. The iPhone has that handy slide-up-the-lock-screen-to-get-to-the-camera feature. Less than four seconds from picking up my phone to snapping a clear picture of something across the room.   Sometimes the cats will stare at a random spot and then the dogs will start barking at that spot. That's usually my cue to leave the room.   As the largest group, we definitely have the best networking. And networking is the center of all good things that could happen to your professional career. As for parties, we don't think before we act, so the wildest things always seem to happen to us, over the more reserved colors. *"Did someone say drunken bicycle race?? Fuck yeah, let's do it!"* We are lacking in our philanthropic efforts, as we tend to think more of ourselves than anyone else, but we have joined a couple of alliances for the betterment of the Button community! That counts, right?   age 0 years 12 months  So... 1 year 0 months?   /u/TrollaBot train_subject337   I'm going to have nightmares for the rest of my life now. Excuse me while I curl up in the corner and cry as my eyes melt out of my skull.   u/kn0thing is one of us as well! Long live the 59s-ers!  Also, I can't imagine the wars going on at the reddit offices right now.   Well, our inevitable alcoholism as a result of pressing too early allows us a nightly drunken stupor. I guess that counts as sleep.   Please write a book.   I agree with what others are saying. Dating in general is nerve-wracking, and meeting a guy off the internet can be very scary, for a million different reasons, some of which are safety related. I prefer to talk to a guy for a couple of days (Tinder message or text) and then if I feel ready or comfortable with meeting him offline, I'll suggest a date.   This is the scariest thing I've read all day.   Why do you have an Apple logo next to your signal bars?   Reply with: nauseated*   I match with people I know all the time. If I see someone I know, I always swipe right just so I can give them shit about swiping right on me. It has revealed some actual intention though from guy friends who would probably never have pursued anything otherwise, so that sometimes gets a little weird.  Everyone's on Tinder nowadays. Laugh about it and move on.   [This is the worst kind of disappointment](http://i.imgur.com/hkLrD0x.png)   Do people even still download porn?   The names of the two companies I work for/with.   Thank you for saying this. My biggest annoyance is when people tell me there's nothing wrong with me because I don't seem like I'm having issues. Well, yeah, because I'm using up all of my mental energy to act like a normal human being. Sorry, not sorry.  I once broke up with a guy I'd been seeing because he casually mentioned that he didn't think mental disorders were a thing. He told me that depressed people just needed positive thinking, and that I was "locking myself into my disorder" because I had accepted that I had it. I'm surprised I didn't punch him.   [Same thing in Finder](http://i.imgur.com/qIFcGcA.png)   Breaking subreddit rule #3. Removed.   Um.. Yes, I'd like to inquire about ad space in the Daily Button?   Can confirm. I work with kids. They think anything having to do with butts is the most hilarious thing ever.   I agree with this. I'm on my computer non-stop from 9-5, and then I'm not on until later because 5pm is when I go run errands and be social and stuff. I think a better time frame would be around 10pm when we're all out of after-work things to do so we're home and bored and on reddit.   Have you joined your brethren at /r/59s?   How would that work? The bot account would have to have been created before anyone outside of reddit knew about the Button. Also, they still would only get one click.   Don't pretend to know the struggle that surrounds those of us who have/had the option to press.   Down with the Grey's! Do not let them oppress us! We will rise and take what is ours!  #Pressers unite!   I, /u/train_subject337, accept that I am, as a Purple, superior to all other colors because of my Button-granted right. In addition, I accept the Hierarchy of Purple and swear that my ultimate goal is to allow The Timer to reach Zero.  The Hand Shall Rise.   I watched it to the end... 59s forever!   "I work out all the time but I can't lose weight."   You're confusing prom with senior superlatives.   I honestly have no idea why that would be. I pressed it hastily as soon as I read the original reddit blog about it. Also, wouldn't it say 43s if I was cheater flair?      Purples reporting in. We hear that you're a spy. Care to have a chat about it?   I'm totally down with this idea.   Sounds like a personal problem. I know something that will help.   I found some just in that thread you linked:  https://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/313cxs/ღღ_upvote_this_if_you_are_a_beautiful_strong/cpy7kak  https://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/313cxs/ღღ_upvote_this_if_you_are_a_beautiful_strong/cpy9qum  https://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/313cxs/ღღ_upvote_this_if_you_are_a_beautiful_strong/cpyb61e  https://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/313cxs/ღღ_upvote_this_if_you_are_a_beautiful_strong/cpycsov  https://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/313cxs/ღღ_upvote_this_if_you_are_a_beautiful_strong/cpye6mc   If we make their experience positive, it will give them false hope for the rest of the site. Might as well get them used to the abuse early on.   You broke it.   I'll still be here for you to mock.   [Oh, you](http://cdn.alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/large/happy-oh-stop-it-you-l.png)   I'm considering writing a research paper on it. I'd read a novel. Put some fact in there and I could use it as a reference in my paper.   I'm a math person. Numbers are fun. :)   It's all just fun arithmetic manipulation.      I sent you a PM from my alt, which is staying pure and true to the Assassin's cause.   Get out, you 60s elitist.   I can't change the 60s flair to something other than 60s. Can you guys add that feature?   Get out.      This is not the place for you.  59s for life!   Are we outnumbered by the 60s? I was under the assumption that we were the largest group.   You made a typo.   Hi everyone. I'm a lowly mod here at /r/59s. I didn't realize that we only got one click, so as soon as the page loaded, I clicked the crap out of that button. But I never looked back. Those of us who click without thinking are those of us who enjoy the fullest life. We take chances. We take risks. We strive to enjoy life no matter what the cost. Never apologize for being the first one to jump the gun, for we enjoy the most of what life has to offer.  We bleed purple. We are legion. We are 59s forever.   Come join us in /r/59s. Be with your 59s'er brethren!!   This is exactly what I was thinking.   [At least 20](http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/31709l/official_survey_of_the_buttons_religions_record/)   What?   I will do what needs to be done. Long live 59s.   Then come join us at /r/59s, a safe haven for all those who wear their 59s flair with pride. We WILL stand up and bask in our button pressing glory. We WILL NOT be oppressed by the elitist 60s'ers and sub-59s'ers.  **We will prevail!**   I am a proud 59s'er, and I disagree with your post. All button times are beautiful.   #triggered #59sForLife #EffYourButtonTimeStandards /r/59s   If it doesn't reset fully every time, how do we explain all the 60s'ers?   Based on the events of the last several hours, it feels like a big social experiment. We're fighting amongst ourselves, but not in a Periwinkle vs Orangered way. This is a whole new way, with many more levels and opportunities for groups to break off from the pack.  Speaking of breaking off, join your 59s family at /r/59s.   Don't listen to these elitist 60s-ers. /r/59s.   Come join your 59s brethren over at /r/59s! Be proud of your flair!   I'll help! The Button has completely consumed my productivity at work anyway.  I'll be offline between 7 and 8pm EST, but will be on at all other times until I sleep around 2am.  **59s for life!**  	77
 I'll format it on that when I get home and update :)  I was hoping to oc the cpu I've heard people can get around 4.5ghz from the 2500k? So that's why I thought maybe a better cooler?  What speed RAM should I be looking at? 1333/1600 etc  I'd probably prefer front-side usb 3 as well just for convenience.  Cheers!   Hey guys trying to decide on a build I have a 24" 1080p monitor to use but considering on purchasing a 27" IPS screen later with a bigger resolution, I plan to play most games from new fps to things like wow, diablo 3 etc.  These are aussie prices I have from a local vendor near me so they will be a bit more than in US of A also limits my choices a bit! This is it,  Gigabyte ATI HD7850 2GB PCIe $277.20   Intel Core i5 2500K Un-locked $229.90   Seagate 2TB SATA3 7200rpm 3.5" $137.50  OCZ Vertex 3 2.5" 120GB SSD $201.30  Seasonic S12D 750W 80+ Silver $181.50  Coolermaster V6 GT CPU Cooler $72.60  Antec Nine Hundred Two V3 Case $134.20  Asus P8Z68-V-LE S1155 $161.70  Total: $1395.90   I also need RAM but I'm not sure on that one yet because from this place I can only really get Kingston RAM and I don't see that mentioned much so may purchase that online. What would you recommend?  Also not really sure about motherboard either I want something I can run another card on later and with usb 3 support. The vendor has all asus boards but anything else u think is better throw it at me.  If I can get enough money I will swap for a 680GTX which would be ideal to SLI later but otherwise I will get another 7850 bit later and SLI with that, which is why I've gone with a slightly bigger PSU.  Well all advice will be appreciated so throw it at me!  Cheers reddit.    HORNY GOAT WEED   SO MUCH VAGINA  	4
 Melbourne is beautiful but it's also intimidatingly huge! I'm nervous about finding a job and meeting new people.    I don't have a job lined up - will start applying in May. I'll be staying with a friend and her family for a bit until I get on my feet. Savings - a bit, moving back home before I move so I can save a bit more. I have a handful of friends there.    Jigglypuff   Now and Then      Finding movie trivia and other info about movies i've watched   I've done the same with Give Your Heart a Break   Dammit..that sounds oddly arousing      You're brave, I wouldn't want glitter getting into my japs eye (if I had one).   Sleepers, Inception, Schindler's List, The Godfather 1 - 2 - 3, The Silence of the Lambs, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, The Pianist, Scarface, The Green Mile, Legends of the Fall, About Time.   In West Philadelphia, born and raised...   Ben Folds Five - Brick https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt5EHAqhR1c   The Wedding Singer   Gotta work to pay the bills   My brothers and I used to get hit with a black leather horse whip.  I remember being five years old and I was punished for getting sunburnt during a school trip. My mother just watched.    Time, good friends and having hobbies helps.   I can't ride a bike    Fancy soap - $30 sigh.      I'm with you on that one buddy!    I'm glad Sam Mendes didn't follow on from Quantum of Solace and kinda rebooted instead.   I haven't watched many Bond films but Skyfall is def my fav out of the ones I've seen. Looking forward to Spectre - coming out Nov 2015   She didn't charge at all - she's a friend of a friend who just wanted to help   I reckon the unsub is still out there somewhere   I had an experience several years ago when a friend encountered something overseas and brought it back with him, it then proceeded to attach itself to me.  It would present itself to me as a really strong pungent shit smell right under my nose and no one else could smell it, on three separate occasions - my workplace, outside my friend's house and at my mother's house.   A psychic who was a friend of a friend told me that it was a trickster and had latched itself onto me because i'm sensitive but don't realise it therefore I can't protect myself.  I was lucky because this trickster had the potential to do some real damage. She banished it to another plane and cloaked me in protection.   It was the most bizarre experience I've ever had and I still don't know what to make of it to this day. I sure as hell don't tell many people out of fear they'll think i'm nutso.    We needed to feed 7 of us, after combining all of our chump change (college/uni students) we went to the gas station and bought a 5 pack of ramen and a pack of precooked Sizzlers sausages.   We cooked the ramen and sausages, added a bit of chilli powder and ate using what cooking utensils we could find at my mate's flat since he only owned one fork.    Back  forearms   March 7th   Someone talking about papercuts in eyeballs. Currently wincing :s   Quirky sense of humour, kind heart and a genuinely caring nature   My plans if i'm trying to come up with an excuse to avoid going somewhere    M - Skyfall   The need to get blood tests done to check my cholesterol levels and the necessity of power naps otherwise I fade pretty quickly    Keanu Reeves   These are things that I'm working on:  Distractions and realising you just have to keep on going, the world doesn't stop for you so that you can curl up into a corner and cry. Set yourself little goals and then take steps to achieve them. Give yourself a purpose.   Learning coping mechanisms so that you can roll with the punches also helps.    Being two-faced - I tell myself that I do it to try and keep the peace but really I guess I'm just being fake, pretending I like people when I think they're morons.    That and people shooting their snot out of their nose and onto the ground like a nose cannon   People who sneeze or cough without covering their mouths when other people are around.    When are people going to realise that you catch more flies with honey? If you're going to be an asshole, why would we go out of our way for you? I guess there are too many cases of assholes stomping their feet and getting what they want. I get lots of oh yeah well company X is offering me this which is way better...well then sir - why are you still talking to me, why don't you FUCK OFF THEN?!   hahahaha desperation...      People who don't take ownership and blame everyone or everything else for their problems.    Lee Pace   Smile at strangers without expecting a smile in return    Beefcake   Go to a Dr or dermatologist and ask about isotretinoin   Arrogant know-it-alls  	48
 Would you. Would you really. That's very interesting to hear. Thanks for telling us all.   I don't know why you're surprised, half the responses here on Reddit to any attractive looking girl always take the form of "hurr I have a penis and it likes this person-object". Teenagers, man...   Agreed. This is one of the few times I've felt personally insulted by trp. If my boyfriend is unhappy it makes me feel unhappy. If he ever cries it breaks my heart and I will do anything to make him feel happy again. I've always been sensitive to other's suffering, people, animals, whatever. Heck, I can even feel bad for terpers at times and the obvious pain and bitterness a lot of them clearly feel. Even so, how can you even begin to prove to terpers that you're offering love or comfort borne out of genuine concern?   No matter your actions, when you've emotionally isolated yourself with such a bitter world view, everyone seems to have an ulterior motive... :-(   My pig Toby is crazy greedy and absolutely wolfs down his food. His coughs when he gets a bit stuck in his throat are like a loud cracking sound, is the best way I can describe it. I wouldn't worry too much if I were you :)   Oh my God...   So sorry for your loss :(  Nine years is an amazing lifespan though, you must have taken good care of her :)   Yes 3   I don't think /u/sonic_tower was questioning whether or not Jason Mitchell is a Harvard psychologist, just stating that his opinions don't necessarily represent those of everyone else at Harvard      Sometimes I feel like maybe I miss some of the context of trp from not being American. Is women asking for things from complete strangers as common an occurrence as trp and HIMYM would have me believe?   Sorry, I'll conduct my large scale scientific study on the subject presently...   I've said this in a another thread but essentially I have never had these sorts of encounters whilst out with a male friend or my boyfriend, only when I've either been alone or with a female friend.   Surely that says something about the intent behind them?   I just want to add that I've never had these types of encounters when I've been out with a male friend or my boyfriend, only when I'm out with another female friend or on my own.  Surely that says something about the intent behind them, right?   But...but...firing someone because of their weight. Isn't that like... ~~a pretty fucking terrible thing to do?~~ really awesome yeah praise Sagan, STEM is love, STEM is life. DAE fat ppl =/= real people, amirite? /s   Definitely. The feeling of doing a thing not so much for doing the thing but so that I can have done it (if you get me) is ruining my experience of a lot of things. One of my least favourite habits :(   Yes! I have and it bothers me so much :p I find these days it takes a really captivating read to help me lose awareness of my progress and stop thinking this way. I'm like this with a lot of other activities and currently trying my best to stop it and just be in the moment.   I'm interested to see what other people have to say about this too.    Why does it even fucking matter who has it worse?  Precisely. Yes. Thank you.   First of all, Sonia was such a sweet, sassy little hamster and we will miss her greatly. My boyfriend and I had had her for about 1 and a half years, during which time we totally spoiled her, and she never seemed to have any other health issues or suffered any mishaps (apart from the one time she escaped and got stuck in the crawl space above our bathroom :p).  We're unsure as to what might have been wrong with her though, and due to awkward timing we were just too late in being able to get her to the vets and get their assessment. I thought maybe if I described the timeline of her symptoms then hopefully you guys could share some hamster wisdom as to what illness she might have had?   * Friday evening: She seemed her usual self and we had her running about in the living room with us. No apparent problems whatsoever. * Saturday noon/early afternoon: we heard this sort of cheep-ing / whimpering sound, it's hard to describe and at first we thought it was maybe geese flying over head or perhaps birds outside or possibly our guinea pigs in the other room. Turns out it was the hamster, sounding very sorry for herself in her little nest. When I took her out to look at she seemed a little lethargic but that's how she'd normally be if disturbed during the day. Otherwise she seemed ok and the whimpering only lasted for a few minutes so we just decided to keep an eye on her. * Saturday evening: woke up and started whimpering again, when I looked closely at her I noticed she had this new, red bald patch on her head. It must have developed quickly over just a few hours since the afternoon and I know I didn't somehow overlook it from earlier because I recorded some footage of her earlier in the day to show her 'whimpering'. She seemed kinda weak but otherwise not too awful. At this point the vet was closed and would be closed until Monday morning, so we had no choice but to hold on. * Sunday: she pretty much just sat in her nest, occaisionally coming out to go pee or to try to eat. She didn't seem to eat or drink that day though I did give her fresh cucumber slices throughout the day, so she could have some liquid in easier reach. She nibbled on these a little. Bald patch no longer angry and red looking. Breathing pretty laboured by the evening. * This morning I came through to her cage early and she was dead.   Does this sound like any kind of illness you guys have dealt with? I thought maybe cushings or ringworm (I'm super paranoid about ringworm for some reason) but she wasn't exactly all that old for a Syrian, and her cage is well ventilated and cleaned out very often so I don't know.   I'm also a little concerned as I also have two indoor guinea pigs. Since we noticed something was up we've been handwashing/sanitising and avoiding unecessary handling where possible, I hope it's nothing communicable...  Anyways, thanks in advance for any input, I've had so many rodents in my time but none has gone so relatively young from anything like this. It's very frustrating to not know why your pet has suffered and died so quickly and I'd love to know how to prevent this happening to future pets.  Oh, and I'll try to upload a couple pics of her head patch.  (P.S. sorry for such a long post :p)   What a lovely hammie. So sorry for your loss, we lost our girl this morning too :(   This is something that I have always wondered too. It's clear that people with the red pill mentality see relationships as combative and fraught with all manner of horrible pit falls and power struggles, and these are the types of relationships they create for themselves. But why? Why even spend so much time and effort trying to associate with people you have demonised and decide you absolutely hate? Why even bother with relationships at all if you're coming from a position of "this is going to be grueling as fuck but if I don't have X number of successes getting into a woman's pants then some strangers on the internet are going to deem me 'not alpha'". I just don't see what enjoyment is to be gained from it.  You'd think they'd just go for a MGTOW approach to life of just avoiding women all together and just getting on with enjoying their own lives (not that MGTOW is about that, it's about spending hours of your life talking about women online but you get my point).   It is a shame that as a society, we see men's virginity as a burden to be cast off at the earliest convenience, and measure a man's worth by the number of women he's bedded. From that perspective I can see why maybe some men might feel pressured to do whatever it takes to get laid and appear numerically alpha, even if it means growing bitter and learning to believe some pretty warped things along the way. Thankfully times are changing and no reasonable person would think "hey, some crappy American sitcom implied this so this is what society is like" but what's equally baffling though is that red pill reinforces these pressures on men. You know what, I don't really have any sort of answer over here, I'm just as saddened and dismayed as you are.  Also, welcome to Blue Pill :)   Your piggie is adorable. Like, ridiculous levels of adorable. THOSE CHEEKS I JUST CAN'T   Ok, I am female. I don't talk about it much but I have in the past been in an abusive relationship. I could not give less of a shit about who suffers the most out of men or women from domestic violence, I just want it to stop and for people to feel like they can get the help they need or the knowledge to recognise if they are with an abusive partner.  Those types of posts piss me off so much because it's obvious that these people want so badly to be able to say "AHA! See?! We men do actually have it worse, so shut up, every woman ever who's complaining about domestic violence!". It's not about saying "aww shit, domestic violence has been misrepresented as a women's-only issue, maybe let's do some constructive shit about highlighting the needs of victims in general or something constructive-" NOPE. It's about them being able to say "YEAH women are just evil evil evil and want the world to believe that they are victims! Fuck them, amirite?".  GAH. It helps no one! Why can't people just genuinely care about other people without having some hateful us vs. them agenda and dear God I need to go lie down or something... /rant.  Edit: this isn't to say that I can't see why this sort of mentality exists. Imagine you are a dude who maybe feels a bit insecure and unsure about certain social issues and other aspects of life. It must be scary to have someone cheerily come a long and say "hey guys, guess what? Turns out that if you are a victim of domestic violence you're gonna have a horrible time trying to use lawful means to protect yourself!" I'd be concerned to hear that. Demonising and misrepresenting one gender is not going to empower the other one, however.   Yeah, for sure. Without going too off-topic and starting a whole conversation about GG (because let's face it, who isn't fed up with it by now and this ain't the place), it's really encouraging to see how people from either side are now trying to open up meaningful dialogue and de-escalate the whole horrible business. Who knows how this will all end up, but I hope it's not too naive of me to think that maybe some good may come of it.   I'm not even sure if a sense of moral superiority is necessary to incite this type of behaviour, though it's certainly fuel for the fire in terms of keeping negative actions towards others so frenetic and sustained. I think so long as a person feels in some way threatened they will find it hard to think calmly or with empathy.  Feelings, man, why can't we all just be cool to each other, etc. etc. :-\   I dunno, look at things like GamerGate. We still have people who would otherwise consider themselves good, tolerant people yelling hate at other people all over the place. Intolerance isn't going to go away any time soon, unfortunately. The underlying reasons people use to 'justify' hating others may change, but until we figure out how to just have actual empathy for others, nothing much will change. :(  Edit: a word   Could be caecotrophs? Guinea pigs, like many other fibrevores produce two kinds of poop, the regular pellets you see all over the place, and a special kind which they eat immediately as they excrete it, so it's rare that you get a chance to see them. I have no idea what they look like but from descriptions they are softer and smellier than regular poops. I'd recommend doing a bit of Googling, I wish I could point you in the direction of something more helpful...  Edit: http://beefycow.com/what-does-normal-guinea-pig-poop-look-like/ Either way, it seems that if you do find them about the cage (instead of them being eaten immediately) then there might be something wrong   Adorable. I feel bad for not dressing my own pigs up for Halloween :p   Good Omens reference?   Also the whole thing about sending unsolicited pictures of your genitals to strangers being harassment and that   Too late, I did :-\ bloody hell.   Good luck OP, and let us know how things turn out.   I'll just say it, I love /r/GetMotivated , cheesy quotes and all. Because sometimes you need to just suspend cynicism and take on a bit of good old fashioned quotes-on-picturesque-background inspiration. My God the comments though.  In a way it reminds me of that 'change my view' sub. Basically, someone posts some reason for why you should work hard and do something cool or worthwhile and the comments section does their best to find reasons not to. It especially bothers me because sometimes people post about other people's achievements and commenters just do their best to denigrate and tear apart whatever it is they've done. For example,  I remember this one article about this kid in the 60(?) who sailed pretty much around the world in a one-man boat by the time he was 20 or something. Instead of just being like "aw that's cool, what a lot of work and stuff he did to just do what he enjoyed, how brave to take the plunge and do that entirely alone", all the comments were about how ridiculous or pointless an 'achievement' it was.    Criticisms mainly took the form of:  - He had a rich family so buying a boat and taking a couple years out, child's play, that's why I could never do it, also that's why it was somehow not an inspiring thing to do  - Sailing around the world? That's not even that much of an achievement, you're just sitting in a boat  - Sailing around the world? That's a crazy hard thing to do, and it doesn't even achieve anything so basically we're supposed to admire this guy who nearly got himself killed for no reason  Gah.   "It's not misandry when I say terrible judgmental things about other men because reasons"   Oh I get you, cheers. Yeah I've seen that on things like poptarts and other things imported from the US.    I'm a Brit and I'm not sure I understand what that means, you mean like on the packaging or...?   That's another thing that bothers me about the self-learning jerk; going to university isn't just about the material taught in lectures. For one thing, assuming you go to a decent university, you simply cannot get access to anywhere near as much of the material as just a regular person with an internet connection as you can when you're affiliated with an academic institution.  But mostly these guys seem to forget, you know, the hours and hours of actual academic work you have to do. Academia isn't just about learning a bunch of facts, it's about training yourself to be a good academic, whether that means learning to craft together a good essay or research report or whatever it is you have to do. Gah.   Same, only I was put off because I'm not normally that into 'war stories', definitely one of my all time favourite books though.   Seconded! I used to love 'high fantasy' type stories as a little girl, but I guess I lost interest in the genre as I grew up. I used to think I wasn't that into Discworld, as I'd originally tried reading the first couple on the series and wasn't particularly impressed, unaware that these are generally considered to be not at all representative of the others in terms of quality.  I'm so glad I gave some of the later books a chance, and would definitely say to others not to be put off by the earlier titles.   God can you even imagine? Like what would you even do if you found a whole sub or forum or whatever of complete strangers just obsessed with you...   I'm really sorry, and maybe you're just trolling, but it truly seems like you don't actually understand what it is that most current research psychologists do. Psychology is a bloody huge umbrella for many fields of study. The types of examples you are giving suggest that you are only familiar with the types of things we hear reported about in mainstream science reporting outlets. These tend to focus on social psych, consumer behaviour, those sorts of things which are 'catchy' and easily accessible to those not acquainted with a specific issue. I mean, we can all understand something talking about, say, factors that might make someone act less morally, right? Yet how many people are au fait with problems faced by those studying working memory? My guess is not many people, and that's 'fine' to a point, they don't make for sexy popular science writing. I can see how having this limited and somewhat skewed view of what psychology is can make it seems frivolous, and even ridiculous. How can someone predict the behaviour of a whole group of people, or even one person, or even that same person on a different day? Don't you think it's insulting to assume that no psychologist in the whole time they have spent working has ever thought "damn, humans and their behaviour are complex, best actually acknowledge that in some way"? What the heck do you think they actually do all day?  But like I say, this lopsided reporting presents a distorted view about what else 'psychology' encompasses. Pop sci writing aimed at a general audience rarely ever discusses the pithier, fiddlier details, or subjects like cognition, perception, memory, or what have you, because these are to many people, boring and not easily accessible to someone not intimately involved with them. It's like how we're always being treated to amazing photos of galaxies and crazy-looking bacteria, we can appreciate these no matter what our personal background. Doesn't mean that I, as someone without a degree in physics or microbiology, would ever assume that that's all these branches of science produce, or that it's all photographing stunning nebulae and gamboling about looking at weird-ass frogs.  You know?   I think psychology has made some huge strides over the past century, from its infancy as a science to where it is now, and still has much further to go. It used to get me down how little the general population seems to actually 'get' about what psychologists actually do in their research, yet how much they seem to think they know because they can name a handful of social psych studies from the 60s.  Variables can be isolated, but as any psych undergrad will tell you so much of the effort of designing a good study is in simply trying to make sure that you actually are measuring the effect you think you are. It's a challenge and an art form in itself, and I honestly don't think psychologists as researchers get as much credit as they are due in this regard. Don't you worry about it though, read around some of the main psych journals and familiarise yourself with some of the methodologies and statistical approaches to analysing behavioural data. You'll see that psychologists aren't just running around blindly claiming effects from weak methodologies as the prevailing circlejerk implies.  Edit: well, I mean, some are. Some people do weak, lame-sauce science, and those guys suck. But hey, every field has them.   Props. Many areas of science, particularly Psychology and Medical research, currently face a big problem with replication. Admitting a failure to replicate in your own work is a neato thing to do, yet sadly probably harder than it should be.  Edit: harder in terms of fearing how it will be received within the research community   Thanks, maybe I'll give that a go today :)   So quite a few years ago my Mum went to visit family members who were staying in Hong Kong and brought back all kinds of wonderful things, amongst them, a couple of sets of Baoding balls. For those who aren't familiar, they are these things https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baoding_balls   Ours are pretty much your standard touristy ones, nothing fancy really, they make a pleasant chiming sound when moved.  My question is are there any ways I can incorporate them into meditation? I couldn't remember the name of them, 'Baoding balls', and initially remembered them as just 'Meditation balls' before I checked on Google this evening. However, mostly I just see information about how they are used for physiotherapy and improving dexterity or strength in the hands and wrists. Some sites do refer to them as 'Meditation balls' and allude to the fact that they are sometimes used in meditation, but rarely elaborate beyond that.   Has anyone any experiences of using these in their practice? I'd like to give it a go meditating with them but am still fairly new and unsure as to what sorts of things to do exactly. Should I just use them and focus on the sensation/sound of doing so?  Any help/suggestions appreciated :) Thanks   You sound like such a wonderful son/daughter, I hope the two of you continue to grow in love and awareness :-)   Seconded, one of the upshots of this app is that implicitly encourages you to stay focused and keep practicing simply by passively keeping a running streak of how many days you have consecutively meditated. I know that doesn't sound like a big deal, and probably is a bit more of a 'goal-driven' way of approaching meditation, where perhaps the emphasis should be on the process itself, but I've found it motivating and helpful for staying disciplined, I don't want to break my streak :p  I also believe it allows you to set alerts for reminding you to meditate each day.   Agree with what you say about the length of time; it would be nicer to have a few more longer sessions. Still, I think this works well initially for beginners who might be intimidated by trying longer periods of time (I'm still very much a newbie and apprehensive about how I'll cope with longer sitting sessions, for now these lengths of time suit my needs and ability).  I also just wanted to add that the single one-off sessions are quite fun too. As you said there are SOS meditations (about 3 minutes in length) as well as 'on-the-go' sessions intended to incorporate mindufulness exercises into everyday life (e.g. cooking, walking, running, commuting...). I've enjoyed them and found one or two rather helpful :)    http://i.imgur.com/jSTg31U.jpg   I mean it doesn't really take that long to take a photograph, who knows, maybe this was taken after the visit to ER, or whilst waiting for transport there or whatever. Maybe a bit much to judge that her parents are terrible people because they took a photo of her injury...   As a newbie I sometimes have similar experiences and have so far been really resistant to them, making me completely tense up and lose my concentration. I have found that on the one or two occasions that I let myself 'go with it' I start to lose my sense of bodily scale, as sometimes happens when I am tired or ill. I dislike this feeling (though I have talked to others who find it pleasant) and usually try my best to 'snap out of it' as soon as possible, and as you say happened for you, this effectively means that I give up and stop meditating.    Most advice I see here often follows the lines of 'just let it happen' and to not resist, and I know that this is probably sound advice, but the idea of letting it all go frightens me.   Your post reassures me that I will eventually come back to 'normal' if I just go with it, I will try be less resistant in future, as I have been definitely holding myself back because of this. :)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jg7ktpew2Tc PBS Ideas Channel did a video talking about WTNV and at one point Mike discusses the ideas behind how little explicit info we are given about, for instance, the character's appearance, and also how the fanbase has embraced certain depictions of Cecil.   I must say it confused me too how there seemed to be a prevailing 'canon' or standard fan depiction of him yet we hadn't been given any explicit description of how he looked. I assumed, as you did, that I just hadn't gotten up to that part in the episodes.   I'd imagine so, losing a beak is pretty traumatic and I'm guessing the shock or blood loss would (hopefully?) do it before anything else. :(   I had to Google that :p Mine's named after Uncle Toby from 'The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman'. His cage mate is called Tristram :3   I have a piggie named Toby as well! :D didn't realise it was such a popular name   I mean I know it's popular here but when I read it it was following the recommendation of a friend. And hey I really enjoyed it. Fucking sue me.   Yeah you don't deserve those downvotes, I have no idea what is meant by "more to do with psychiatry than psychology" either. It's like saying that someone's cancer is "more to do with medicine than with biology".    House of Leaves scared me more than it probably scares other people, as I wouldn't really consider it to be a 'spooky' book exactly.  I think it was that the time I read it was when I was reading a lot of creepy pasta and other 2spoopy4me type junk on the internet, so being in that mindset I found the narrative framework particularly effective (the story is told through several layers, very much muddled together, so the legitimacy of the different layers of the story is always kind of uncertain or covered in mystery. You know, very much like an urban legend passed on across the internet between many different storytellers before reaching you). All the endless footnotes and asides, sections where the text was written backward, all that sort of thing, for some reason it all just got to me.  As to the actual content of the story/ies, I felt that it contained a lot of themes that personally struck a chord with me. Without giving too much away, the infinitely huge empty house is something which comes up a lot in many of my dreams, and always has. Really I just think Danielewski captured a terrible sense of loneliness and impossible scale, a long with the unravelling of the protagonist, that made me feel hopelessly tiny and vulnerable.   I really loved this book, I think I gush about it way too often but like I say, it just got to me somehow and felt so personal, perhaps it unsettled me more than it scared me. Nonetheless, 10/10 would be unsettled again.    What a gorgeous piggie. I think Abyssinians might be my favourite breed (not that I don't have immense love for my two non-Abyssinian piggies :p)   I like how so many of the comments here are people either feeling threatened and inadequate or denigrating his achievements because he's rich. DON'T EVER CHANGE, REDDIT 3 /s   Well I mean they are utter dreck but sheesh folks let's be civil :p   Unpleasantly true, I've seen people heavily criticised in /r/dune for saying they are reading (never mind enjoying) the Brian Herbert/ Kevin Anderson sequels, for example  Edit: a letter   I find that subs for specific fandoms or topics (like a particular tv show, book series etc.) are generally a lot less negative, though all have their own circlejerks ofc...   I'm not the person you were replying to but yeah, this is precisely why I'm glad I read them when I did. I think I was about eight when I read the first one, I'm 24 now, and I just went a long with the rest of them pretty much as they were released. I sometimes feel so glad to have had the chance to grow up with them, especially as the story was still unfolding book by book. Having said that I'd still recommend the series to people of any age.   I don't understand the internet backlash at all. She was quite explicitly standing up for the rights of men and boys everywhere, as well as women and girls. It was a unifying message of love, inclusion, and empowerment, what the frack is wrong with people? :(   Read constantly, and read as widely as you can. If it's not already then make it your hobby, and be sure you're doing it for the enjoyment of reading than for simply having read a lot.  Don't neglect to read fiction either! It's great for your mental health, and your personal, emotional, and interpersonal development, plus it's so gosh darn enjoyable.  If there are specific skills you know you want to learn, then there are all sorts of helpful sites cropping up all over the web that aim to give you crash courses in things, try these to start with off the top of my head:  * https://www.khanacademy.org/  * http://www.codecademy.com/  * https://www.duolingo.com/  But seriously, there are way more sites, and probably better ones than the few I know, out there. These ones will do you for getting started with some languages, a bit of coding (though I have no personal experience with that particular site or coding so no idea how 'good' it is for you), and a whole bunch of stuff at Khan academy. It should be enough to get started with.  Not sure which books to read or films to watch? Try searching for the 1001 Films/Books you should read/watch before you die type lists. If it helps, save the lists and tick them off as you read through, get a random number generator up ( http://random.org ) set it to pick a number out of 1001 (or whatever list you're using) and start from there. /r/books  has a top 200 books list too that has some great titles, both fiction and non-fiction. In fact you should be able to find all kinds of lists out there for what to read next, the important thing is to just keep reading, make a habit of it and make it part of your day.  Hope this post didn't read to crazily, I have to be off out somewhere soon so I may have been a bit hasty in my typing :p   I want to add that whilst there, if you do decide to go (and be aware that learning needn't require you to go to college, but it is a great place not just to learn, but to have to work hard at learning and honing academic skills) then throw yourself into as much as you can. Whether that be joining student societies or attending guest seminars. I've just come out of my first year as a postgrad and am already feeling a little lost being away from all that campus life has to offer, you'll never have so many opportunities for so many different experiences [Edit: so conveniently] at your fingertips as you do when in university. And I'd say that having as many cool or whatever kinds of experiences as you can must be a great way for building up life knowledge.   Muh bad   Surprised no one has said it so far but the Lemonhope episodes really got to me, especially PB's song at the end. I don't know, I think there's just so much going on in those episodes, and as usual they're packed full of morality and stuff. Then at the end, when everything is somehow deserted and destroyed and all that is left is Lemonhope.  I didn't ask for these feels...  Plus Holly Jolly Secrets too I guess, first time we're encouraged to feel anything close to pity for Ice King/Simon...  	66
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgSzWIRGsHI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dfxBkBtokc  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUdn_CerAdo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3mflB1Cj8s   Hi Im about a year sober and clean and my father is a active alcoholic who is struggling alot. I would get angry at times and disappointed but I've learned to manage and let him do his thing. You can't force him to recover but if he is willing to get sober give him the tools he needs to do that. Honestly it all comes down to what you want to do. Go home with your father and start drinking with him or go home with your father and work your recovery. I struggled in recovery because I was trying to live a normal life and try to be happy without my recovery tools. Didn't work until I started reaching out to people and going to meetings etc. Having sober people to talk to. So keep doing what your doing. Remember now that your sober you have the choice to pick up again or work your recovery. I can tell you its not going to be easy if your not fully sure on your future and recovery. I wish you the best of luck. If you have any questions let me know.   Really great video and it sheds light on my family's situation such a hit on the noggin!   Hi I used to live in Waltham! if you ever need anything feel free to message me. Or if you still help need help finding a sober house!  	4
 Wednesday it was a holiday here and I went sports climbing. When I came home I was so tired, I sat on my little balcony and the sun was shining in my face, this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTX1HJI6n0A was playing in the background and I was suddenly thinking "You know, this feels pretty good. I think I am really happy." Almost made me cry :-D  	1
 Improved nightingale bow and chillrend (both Flawless grade). Really love paralysis chance! Sometimes I switch to Nightingale blade for health and stamina absortion and mace of molag bal for soul traps.   I'm an apprentice wizard, not a pack mule!   "If you want strength and unity, you join the imperial legion. If you want to fuck your sister you join the Lamecloaks."   That must be nice to have. I hate how NPCs in Skyrim walk too fast when I myself walk, but they're slow as hell when running. (or abruptly stop altogether! what's up with that!) Following that dog Barbas was trying to say the least. I didn't realize I'd have to walking that far...   These are so much better than store-bought $5 per piece macaroons. I really like Cookie Monster ones! Yummm   Robert Redford 3 I think he has a softer edge, more "good boy" look. Brad is beautiful too, but Redford is classic.   God I hate it when I pass by her. "What, I'm not scared of you. I'll fight anyone!" Only a child would dare to annoy someone who's bored of killing dragons...   On top of that, what would you do with a golden cup? It's not like merchants will buy it off you without reporting you to the authorities for greater rewards, and you can't eat the damn cup when you're starving to death...   Knowing when to use a and the. It's very minor but it seems arbitrary at times.   Iirc she was accused of sleeping with multiple men and was imprisoned.   I love how this idea is so plausible in GRRM's world.   The charges are different from those in the books so I wonder if she'll be treated as harshly. I think I'll endure Margaery's momentary pain if Cersei faces her ultimate shame... Would Lancel sing before the High Sparrow? I hope he does.   Yeah, now that you mention the lyrics it seems Bronn is a goner. Such a shame... I loved his quirky character. I like how --despite I mourn Tyrion's (albeit temporary) downfall-- Bronn stuck to his character as a sellsword and was not swayed by words of a "friend". If he does go I'll miss him terribly.   I kind of smile remembering Lilly Allen's song about her brother. If that song bore any truth he came a long way. I've always enjoyed his scenes, whether they were heartwarming (with Robb) or utterly despicable (Winterfell siege). Really well-rounded. His Reek performance feels so genuine, I want to buy him a good cup of tea and tell him he can still make things right. ... though knowing GRRM I don't know where he could begin...   That is so true. I keep believing in vain hope and get sucker punched. And I come crawling back to GRRM... Only HE would keep his audience in a sado-masochistic relationship, fully satisfied. Damn.   I completely agree. As someone mentioned here I used to play the Sims like crazy and this dlc is perfect for me.  What's that, Serana? You want me to follow you so we can defeat the evil vampire lord? Sucks for you, have to go to Half Moon Depot to get lumber.   Wasn't there another post who's like thirty years old and never had any relationship in his life, blaming women for being so shallow? His comments were super pretentious and reeked condescension. They pretend like they don't care about what others think and yet they go on askmen and askwomen subreddits desperately waiting for someone to agree with them. why not just be honest.  Also 18 and all grown up? I hope he ends up cringing at himself later when he gets older. We all have experienced this but this guy is really doing his best to ward off any possible allies.  Oh wait, by his standard we are inferior to him so he wouldn't deem us worthy! Hurray!   The show cast, though brilliant, is too beautiful. Jorah - Iain Glen is one and them Iwan Rheon as Ramsay. Ramsay is supposed to be pretty repulsive in appearance but damn he's now hot as hell on TV. It also doesn't help that I watched Misfits haha   And I felt like he wanted to get away from Cersei. Get Myrcella, yes, but for her sake, not Cersei's. At least I hope so. The show Jamie hasn't showed a lot of change in his attitude towards CerseI but I would like to believe he's changed :s   Thank you :D   Still catching up with the books here: does he get greyscales in the book too, or is this tv-original?   That too, but I was also thinking that she might find a victim of Ramsay's cruel game of girl coursing.    "someone lieeeed! They said poor Cicero is... a lady."   It can't be good for my crotch   Thank you, I had to resort to console'ing. Luckily it did the trick :)   Thanks, I don't know what triggered it, but it turned out to be a bug after all. :s    Mayhaps that be Sandor Clegane?   A CEO of a major corporation in South Korea committed suicide after leaving a list of politicians that he bribed, one of which was the prime minister of the country. The PM resigned later on.  I was born in this country but am a citizen of another. Corruption pervades every aspect of life here... pretty sickening.   Oh did it say smoke you in the original? I saw it recently on TV and thought they'd censored it with the "less offensive" word haha   Ahahaha that's a very interesting idea. May I suggest you do it as a Nord? :p   Pragmatic!   You know the series is good when side characters are as memorable and likable as the main ones.   I can sympathize, but most NPCs give warnings first before zapping me... I wish vanilla Skyrim gave him more story. I didn't find any notes in his house explaining what he was doing.   Never thought of it that way. I should give this a try. I didn't bother taking up serious archery because hack and slash felt simpler and more ready at hand.  Does anyone use archery as it's supposed to: staying far from enemies and being all clandestine? I just keep shooting while I get hacked to death. :s So I end up reserving the bow for stealth missions.   I felt like that was more of the Thalmor's doing. And I saw a lot of Talos worshipers despite the persecution so it didn't strike me as that big of a deal...   Yup. Gotta take care of the Thalmor first before fighting each other.   Aww. Well, fair enough.  I too played (and am still playing) as a Redguard! I didn't particularly think the Nords were looking down on Redguards but yeah, I may have felt more partial to the Stormcloaks if I were a nord.   lol @ bear people. I suppose the Imperials came a long way since their days of racial inequality.   Any particular reason for choosing Stormcloaks? Aside from Ulfric being a badass of course. :D   You may have seen this already but... relevant :P  https://youtu.be/KVeIid2Dv9Y   This is awesome! I didn't really get why Delphine was so stubborn on the subject. I should try this mod. Thanks!   - EMPIRE or STORMCLOAKS?: http://vote.pollcode.com/58192785  I think it's one of few quests that kind of made me sick because of moral dilemma. I myself chose the Empire because I was introduced to TES via Oblivion and well.. it's hard not to like Patrick Stewart's empire. Still I was sympathetic to Ulfric's causes. Visiting Windhelm became painful for me after his death.  - Did you choose to kill Paarthurnax?: http://vote.pollcode.com/32576536  This one was easy for me. I didn't kill him. It seemed plain wrong to kill the dragon after he helped me murder his own brother for the good of the world :s  I'd love to hear what you chose to do, and why.   Is this Drelas? I remember playing Skyrim for the first time and coming across his cottage. He was not nice.   Do mudcrabs still prevent fast traveling? D: I thought they let you travel when you're being targeted by mudcrabs and slaughterfish. Damn, Bethesda. They're not worth our time!   I always got this message when I visited the Dark Brotherhood Sanctuary in Falkreath after [Dark Brotherhood Spoiler](#d "it was sacked by Imperial agents and burnt to the ground.") There would always be one archer trying to ambush me even after the whole quest line was completed. Not sure if this is a bug or the agents are meant to be there all the time... :s   S/he's beautiful! Any special planned for today? I've always wanted to try kitty-friendly bakeries.   Yeah, trying the NA server now and not getting any responses even after repeated attempts.   I'm certain I would eat it everyday if I could... There's something about it that makes it so addictive.   I love it when they all squish in together and make silly faces.   Are you sure you're not pulling our legs and posting a photo from a gorgeous kitty calendar? XD He is so photogenic!    Goodness gracious... Please keep us posted in /r/cats! I would love to see sequential photos of him/her growing!   Thanks for pointing that out. I thought it was exotic but didn't know what it was exactly. It really adds nicely to his character as a seasoned swordsman who's traveled everywhere!   Yeah, but I can understand the sentiment. The opening scene of S5E4 was so dark I was sure it was Gendry.   I was so touched by this scene. If it weren't for the whole red woman affair, I would be in for Stannis the Mannis all the way. But I suppose the inclination towards "ends justify the means" makes him more complex and human.   I agree completely. He did wrong things for reasons that he believed to be right. I mean, there are a lot of characters like that, but after reading his background history I could understand why he was so ruthless, albeit unable to condone. Also I loved how he was pretty much the only one who could threaten Joff. And then of course, the Charles Dance factor. It's like he was born for that role.    Oh wow thanks for explaining it in detail. I know pretty much nothing when it comes to baking. If you had told me it was sorcery I wouldve taken your word for it XD I'll be sure to try this!   All your modded goods are now forfeit.   I suppose so. I read that he was abused as a child by his mom, which is probably the root of his depression and misogynistic tendencies.  But what I meant by "extraneous causes" was more along the line of women -- who, according to his comment history, are nothing more than shallow liars. While there must have been some like that, I assume a whole lot more were driven away by his prejudice against women.   Welcome to the graveyard, dear Heir/Heiress. May your journey be lit with ample supplies of torches and food.   She's got pink AND cocoa jellybeans? That's not fair 3 so adorable.   How on earth did you make those swirls? They are in a very even pattern. Well done and happy birthday!   The thing I love the most about TES is that you can just go frolicking around in the wilderness, picking flowers and whatnot. It has a beautiful environment and the game lets you enjoy it to the fullest.   Sure, there are portals opening to a scary dimension and dragons attacking villages but I NEED THIS MUSHROOM FOR MY POTION DAGNAMMIT   I think the shift in perspective stirred the people the most.   They first thought he was just a timid but nice guy who needed encouragement. Hence all the advice and gilding. And then they found his other comments. People now feel like they've been fooled and think the guy was faking innocence.   I don't think the guy feigned anything in his first comment, but I do think he's been unable to meet women (or make friends at all, since he points out in one of the comments) for a reason attributable to himself rather than extraneous causes.      I was waiting for him to knock the whole thing over!   I've really no advice to give you but just had to say you look fantastic. I especially love your church outfit!    Yum! It looks like a Skyrim dish too. :9   I was thinking that he might have been bored out of his mind in the brothel. It's like going to a party with a friend that likes to party hard when you'd much rather cozy up at home, watch a movie or something.   Thank you for detailing the differences! I'm still catching up book-wise. I'd vaguely read somewhere about Jeyne Poole and Sansa and I was confused when Sansa and Ramsay met face to face. I can't wait for future episodes as always!   God I miss home so much... I'm working abroad and seeing things like this almost makes me want to cry. I was not born in Canada, but it's the only home I choose to have.   The problem at the time was the title (many thought it was condescending, dismissive of people who did get a job) and his treatment of people that designed for him on a subreddit for free. There was some misunderstanding as well. A big mess for everyone.   I haven't tried out extreme group compositions like 3 grave robbers, but I do love the class (as my flair denotes!)   I usually get lunge, dagger throwing, shadow stun (it's been a while and skill names fail me), and lastly whichever skill that suits the dungeon. I've found her accuracy and dodge modifiers to be very useful, more so because she deals a significant amount of damage + crits at the same time (as opposed to the Crusader's and the Leper's skills which take up one full turn without attacking the enemies).  But her elixir and poison dart skills are far from my favourites. Wish the devs would rework those skills :(   Beautiful! I can just feel the despair. It's funny how "permanent" deaths of your heroes can be devastating in a game even though I'm fully aware of the fact that they're just characters in a game and even replaceable.    I'm a bit late to the post so you might have already beaten her by following other advice, but here's my two cents:  - Try to avoid trinkets that decrease the death resistance  - At least one guaranteed healer or champion with heals. Even if the skill only heals by 1 point, as long as they can get someone away from the death's door. I refrained from taking an occultist with me because of the bleeding possibility and the position swaps.  - I'd recommend taking the Vestal and the Crusader for sure.   - Equip characters with bleeding skills and trinkets. (Highwayman and if you can level up other heroes, Hellion.)  IIRC the Hag is blight-resistant but not so much towards bleeding and those ticks can be valuable when accumulated.   - Highwayman's point-blank shot + Grave Robber's lunge can rescue those who are tossed into the pot with minimal injury.   - The Crusader's rush-in skill (I forget the name, the one where he dives to the front) is great for attacking the Hag in the back when partnered up with the Highwayman's point-blank shot.  The Hag bosses were the most challenging for me as well, so I wish you good luck! It's so disheartening to lose beloved heroes to a witch that cooks people in a pot :(   For some reason Sir Charles reminds me of Jack Gleeson. In a good way.   XD replace Utopia with the League and I can kind of see how things must've gone down. Fun times.   Oh yeah, tons of cringe stuff for me as well. I'd like to think of it as the rite of passage that we all must go through in order to become a better --or less shitty-- person.  And then I see adults who have yet to complete this journey...   Other than the 9th grader IQ remark (which isn't nearly as bad as half the stuff we see here) it doesn't sound like you were that much of a smart ass haha. By "giving shit" do you mean they made fun of you? I too began surfing the net around that age but most people didn't believe me.   Give him some time and he'll hoepfully cringe upon recalling all the dumb stuff that he did when he was younger, just like the rest of us.   I remember there was a (then) 16 year old that titled his post "instead of getting a job I started my clothing line"... man.   I feel like calling her ma'am because she looks so dignified! What a beautiful lady.   "Mmm. It stinks. But, um, I do like the tiny doodles in the margins."   Got it. Thank you!   Thank you :)   I understood the term "leveled" as "deciding the quality of the item based on the character's level AT THE TIME OF ACQUISITION". So I thought a unique sword obtained in level X would only have the damage of whatever damage that is set for level X for the rest of the game regardless of my future level ups. (Which I thought was true for Oblivion, and hence advice to postpone certain quests to get the best item.) But it seems the items level up with me. e.g. I got Molag Bal's Mace relatively early but the damage is steadily increasing with my level ups. So does the term "leveled item" actually mean their quality increases as I gain more experience?  As for damage enchantments: as I understand it elemental damages are added to the mechanical output --so if a sword can deal damage x and fire damage from enchantment is a, the total damage per swing is x+a-- whereas magicka and stamina damages attack only those qualities and not the enemies' health. Am I getting this correctly?  I went to TES wiki websites but I couldn't get straight answers. Insights appreciated!  edit: typos   Noice! Do you have the soothing whispery voice as well? haha  I really like Skyrim's Argonian voice. IIRC Khajiits and Argonians shared the same voice actor in Oblivion and it became boring wayy too fast.  Also I have wares of suspicious origins that I need to get rid of, if you're interested.   Yup, definitely happened to me as well! Sometimes I postpone leveling up when I know I'm gonna fight harder mobs later in the dungeon just in case my health regen / restore potions don't do the job. But damn, 0! I don't think I've pushed to that extreme. Well done.   Thank you so much for going through all this trouble. I was really curious about the quality of paid mods, if anything was really worth the money. Thus far I can tell there is none. (Edit: ok Akatosh one might be one exception.)   Things like Enhanced Towns and Sounds of Skyrim, which I would gladly support the modder(s) with donations, are completely free whereas items that you documented charge people. What complete BS.   I'm so happy for you guys :') I assumed the worst since it's /r/offmychest, but I'm so glad your boyfriend is accepting you for who you really are. I wish you guys the best of luck... not that you need it!   Dawww so adorable. When my cat does this, however, I feel like he's doing it in a snobbish, affected manner like "you may now kiss the royal paw you pleb."   I've also confirmed this, but I think I'll wait a bit before celebrating lest it be premature...  Valve could not have foreseen the potential outrage when they decided to introduce it. It's doubtful they'd just get rid of it THIS quickly. I hope I'm wrong... I'm just gonna hold on to my boycotting just a little bit longer until they issue an announcement.   Holy crap... That is amazing. Congrats. I still have so much to go!   I usually scoff at boycott attempts but I sent email to Valve earlier with hopes that there's still a redeeming quality to the company we used to love.   "perhaps just the tip."   S/he looks so happy to be with you! Awwexplosion ;—;   Arya: "And I have this!" *presents the Coin*  Priest: "No, no... I take..."   Same here! I haven't caught up with the books yet and was so surprised to see him. And damn, that accent. Whatever it is, he's workin' it.   Did you marry the person? Are you happy? How did your friends/parents/etc. come to terms with your decision, if ever?   "There's a difference between being frank and being dick."   Dracarys [x]   Alas the happiness is not meant to last in GoT :(   I don't know, I've heard about how Lee Pace was feeling so awkward and apologetic to his fellow actors on the set of the Hobbit for being a gigantic but fabulous dick known as Thranduil.   I'm so envious of his wife. They look so happy together too.  	103
 Rant: It took me forever to figure out my Alpha Hydrox lotion was breaking me out. I used the 10% glycolic acid one and it was causing me little whiteheads on my neck and side of my face. Boo! Giving my face a break from AHAs right now.  Also, though I do think my tea tree oil is helping reduce my acne flareup from the AHA fiasco, it definitely makes my skin feel tight. What I've been doing is using a dropper to put the oil mix in my hand, and then rubbing it on the spots. What I might end up doing is taking a q-tip and dabbing it on only the acne, and then waiting a bit. For what it's worth I did dilute it so it's 10% tea tree oil to mineral oil.  Also, I love my Cerave in the tub. It makes my skin feel great. I was going to switch to Cerave PM because it has niacinamide in it. But I just love the way the Cerave in the tub feels on my skin, and I really don't like how the Cerave PM feels lol. Agh! I'm picky about how stuff feels on my face.   Just bought: Cerave PM, another Mint Julep Masque (looove it), Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion, Tea Tree Oil (which I'm diluting with mineral oil), Mizon Good Night White Sleeping Pack, the Mizon all-in-one snail cream, and a giant amount of sheet masks.   Raves: My sunflower oil is perfect for OCM. I also mix in neem oil and I LOVE it. The smell doesn't bother me at all! I was considering purchasing some safflower oil and mixing the three together.   I also just have to rave about Vaseline. God I love it. I have gotten used to sleeping with it on finally even though I mash my face into my pillow at night. Oh well. It still keeps me moisturized, and I like to put some on my feet, knees, and elbows too! Oh, and my knuckles. My hands have never been smoother, and they are always insanely dry and patchy during winter. Not anymore!  Also, my Thayer's Witch Hazel with Rose and Aloe. Gosh. This stuff smells SO amazing and makes my face feel so good. I was considering transferring it to a spray bottle and misting it on my face during the day. Now that I'm a super skin addict I've been going out quite a bit without any makeup on so I don't have to worry about screwing that up.   There isn't really a way to test it other than buying another product without similar ingredients and then patch testing. Did you use both the Vanicream and the Cerave Foaming cleanser at the same time? Or did you use them separately and they both caused breakouts?   Have you checked into starting a beginner routine in the sidebar? I would recommend looking at the acne-prone routine for recommendations.    The alcohol is a good idea! He's not super into steak but I can probably think of another fancy meal he would like.    We've been together about 7 months. I mean I would know what to get him for like a bday or christmas but Valentine's day is weird. With my last SO I never celebrated it.   I think maybe I'll offer to cook a nice dinner and we can drink and watch movies.   I need some help with recommendations/product order. Here is my routine:  **AM**:  * Rinse face. * Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel. * Apply Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion (is this the western version of the gokujyun lotion?) * Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence * Cerave in the tub if needed * Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen SPF 30   **PM**:  * OCM with sunflower oil and neem oil * Cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser * Thayer's Witch Hazel * Stridex red box. Wait 20 minutes. * Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion. * Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence * Diluted tea tree oil as a spot treatment * Cerave in the tub * Mizon Good Night White Sleeping Mask * Vaseline  How is my order? Do I apply the Hado Labo Lotion before I do my Stridex? Also, how do I use the Mizon sleeping pack? How much do I apply? I put a thin layer on and didn't feel like it was thick enough so I topped it off with Vaseline. Is that okay? Can I apply a thicker layer of the sleeping pack? Also, the bottle says to use it 2-3 times a week. Is that what I should be doing? I'm currently working on evening out my skin tone and fading some PIH (possibly PIE? I'm not sure).   Also, I had to stop using my Alpha Hydrox Lotion as an AHA because it broke me out. Is there a good Asian alternative for an AHA? Or do I even need one?   I'm looking to replace my Neutrogena when it runs out with an Asian sunscreen, preferably with SPF 50. What are some good suggestions? The Neutrogena is pretty thick and it makes my face look kind of greasy.   I'm also looking for a spot treatment. What are some good Asian spot treatments? I have been using my tea tree oil for a few days now and it's okay.   And what is pig collagen? I see it a lot when browsing for products. The packaging is super cute but what exactly is it? And what the heck is placenta? Is it actually placenta? Thanks for your help! I'm pretty new to this :)   Probably my neem oil, cerave in the tub, and sunscreen.    I want to do something nice for my SO for Valentines Day but I'm blanking on what I should get. I feel like you get a card and chocolates if you're a guy, but what do girls give the guys?   Lol this gif is adorable!    Baha this got me turned on too.    Oh my god. Gross. How selfish can you be!    I totally get this. I have issues going out with my boyfriend and his friends. I don't have any friends of my own so I feel pretty weird. It always makes me feel lonely when I'm with people because I feel so out of place. I wish I could enjoy socializing but I don't.   Good luck tonight!   Nooooooo! That's too bad. Do you know why? I should check the ingredients!    Aw that's so sweet! I think I'd cry too haha.    When I used Alpha Hydrox I would apply it after my cleanser and then leave it on for 20-30 minutes, and then continue with my routine without wiping it off.    As long as it takes off your makeup fully it's fine. I personally use OCM to remove my makeup and then I use a foaming cleanser, but I wear pretty heavy makeup everyday and the only thing that removes my mascara is oil!    What's an alum block? You could be irritating your skin with too much exfoliation.    Interesting! I always suspected that certain chapstick dried out my lips!    Cool! I've been looking for a retinol. Do you really like the one you're using from PC?    Nice! Do you mean taut?    Interesting! I'll have to add this to my list of things to try.    Is the rosehip oil for moisture? I've heard it mentioned quite a bit on here. Does it do anything else for your skin?    I personally just use my cerave in the tub on my eyes and then top it off with vaseline to keep it moisturized.   I know there are quite a lot of affordable eye creams recommended on /r/AsianBeauty. I really want to try the Mizon Snail Eye Cream.   I think generally though most eye creams are just regular moisturizer!    Your skin looks great! What's your routine?    You monster.    It probably would if you are wiping oil off of your face. In that case if you are in direct sun I would reapply.    I don't see why you couldn't. I'd just check what ingredients are in them because they might potentially be irritating. Is there a specific tissue product you were looking at?   Why is Chapstick bad?   I would definitely cross post this to /r/makeupaddiction because they might be able to help with product reviews. I've never tried a brow or lash serum, but I know that removing all of my eye makeup has improved the appearance of my lashes! Maybe the same is true for brows.    It does irritate me because I spend a lot of time on the routine thread and see comments downvoted. I assume they are downvoted because someone disagrees with their advice. But then there is no explanation! I always upvote them.  I also feel like a lot of discussion topics are downvoted or no apparent reason :(   Okay, HOW do you know the difference between PIE and PIH from a photograph? I checked the sidebar info but it says you have to press down on the skin to test whether it's PIE or PIH. Am I missing something?    That's so true. I'm starting to be more active on the routine thread in helping people with product suggestions, but it's hard because something may break someone out that works for me! I guess it's always good to say your mileage may vary!   Awesome! Good luck to you. I had some issues with picking but with the amount of time and effort I spend trying to make my face look better, the desire to pick sort of just...fell away. Which is awesome, because I definitely have some scarring.    Yay! I'm going to give my skin a break from any AHA for a bit. I assume I don't *need* an AHA, but I did like how smooth the Alpha Hydrox made my skin. Although I do worry about sun damage even with a sunscreen.   Okay, I'll stick to my BHA once a day and see how that goes. I'm not currently using an AHA because the Alpha Hydrox broke me out. It was 10% so it's possible it was just too strong and irritated my skin. I might try the St. Ives pads since they aren't as strong!   When I only used cerave on my eyelids, they were still extremely dry. I'm not sure if there is something in the formula that dries out my eyes, but the cerave combined with vaseline helps a lot.   You could look into an eye cream, but these generally have the same ingredients as a moisturizer repackaged and sold at a higher price.    Do you have an idea for what kinds of things break you out? I use cerave in the tub and it's great, pretty inexpensive.    You can! I haven't tried that. In that case it is recommended to only use a few drops if you apply it all over your face.    I don't, but if you search fatty alcohols on this sub you can find some recommendations. I believe Nivea Creme does not have fact alcohols actually    I've been posting pretty much everyday and I finally have a breakthrough thanks to ya'll! My routine included Alpha Hydrox 10% Glycolic Acid and this was totally what was breaking me out! How did I not see it before?   I even posted quite a while ago about how I broke out weirdly on my neck and didn't even think it's because I used the Alpha Hydrox!   Super happy to report that I have no new breakouts, and the little whiteheads that popped up are disappearing (thank you tea tree oil).   My next question is... I like ahas. They make my face smooth an moisturized. What should I try next? And how do I know what exactly broke me out from the Alpha Hydrox? Also, is it okay to use my BHA twice a day, or will that be too drying?   Thank you guys so much!!    It's possible the cetaphil is breaking you out. It has fatty alcohols you might be sensitive to. I'm not sure what ingredients are in the cleansing milk but I would start by replacing your moisturizer with something without fatty alcohols.   Have you looked on cosDNA at all? There you can research your products ingredients to see about potential irritants. It's quite helpful!    So my eyelids tend to get quite dry as well, and the only thing that worked for me was to apply my regular moisturizer, which for me is cerave in the tub, and then apply a light layer of vaseline on top of that. This has eliminated the tight feeling and flakiness I had!   I generally only have to apply the vaseline at night, but sometimes I do it in the morning as well.    Interesting! I should look more into it because I have quite a lot of what I believe is PIH, but very well may be PIE! Thanks for the information.    There is evidence that if you are exposed to sunlight, even through a window, that you are still susceptible to UV damage. So, based on that, your safest bet is to apply sunscreen every day, even if you are indoors at home.    It's possible your skin is very oily because it is dehydrated and over compensating by producing a lot of oil. Take a look at the dehydrated skin routine in the sidebar.   I would moisturize twice a day and try the hydrating cleanser. Chances are you skin is quite dehydrated.    You could consult a dermatologist. They could provide some help if you have the insurance or money for it.   As far as what you could do for your skin otc, I would recommend applying a good sunscreen, at least spf 30, and wearing it every day, even if it's cloudy or you aren't going outside.   Second, AHAs are good chemical exfoliators to help reveal a better layer of skin underneath the current layer. This will help improve your skin's appearance to a degree. It won't work miracles but I will say your face texture will improve.   I would also look into something like a vitamin C serum which will help with acne scarring or evening out your skin tone. You can look at other serums too, a lot of people like the Super Serum from silk naturals.   I've heard retinoids are helpful as well for anti aging, but honestly I know nothing about them. You can do a search in this sub for retinoids and find some useful info.   Lastly, you're the most critical of your skin. What you see in the mirror isn't what other people see. As far as the big pores, lots of people have them, and you'd never know because most people aren't that close to your face! So don't stress too hard.   I hope that helps!   I don't know if your link is working correctly. I'm on mobile so maybe that's why but I couldn't see the images.    Here's mine!  * Mizon Returning Starfish Cream * Mizon Snail Repair Eye Cream * Missha Long Name Ampoule * Missha FTE * SkinFood Black Sugar Mask * Innisfree Green Tea line (all of it!) * HadoLabo Gokujyun Lotion * OST C20 * Biore UV Aqua Rich Sunscreen * More MBD masks * A bunch of sleeping packs! Need recommendations for that one :)   Same here. I went crazy and ordered 30+ on ebay and I ran out of my MBD ones two days ago. I'm so sad. No idea when my order is going to be shipped!   So organized! I love it. I've heard so many good things about Sulwhasoo! I might add their Overnight Vitalizing Mask to my wishlist...   The LJH essence has been on my list for a while! I hear good things.    What's a brush egg?   I'm itching to get the Innisfree Green Tea Seed Serum too. I actually ordered a cheap sample pack of the Green Tea line from Innisfree. So we'll see how it goes! Couldn't justify spending 20+ dollars on a full container.   Interesting, I've heard good things about the Acne.org BP. Thanks for the info!   Love your lip color. And I love that it's elf even more!    Is it possible that the Alpha Hydrox is too irritating when used daily? Like, what I mean is, if the Alpha Hydrox is what causes my breakouts, would using it less stop the breakouts? Because I don't breakout all over. I seem to only breakout on the sides of my cheeks, my neck, and now my forehead.   Thanks for your response!   Gosh now I'm nervous. I'm seeing my doctor on Friday to get a prescription for the pill, and I'm hoping it improves my skin, but now I see it can commonly make it worse...but sometimes better!    What products are you using specifically?    That's such a good idea. I'm so annoyed with foundations that don't have a pump!   Heavy fragrances are commonly irritating. I read on here someone switching to a more organic brand like Seventh Generation helped with their acne. This is true for fabric softeners and fabric sheets as well.   My other recommendation is changing toothpastes if you haven't already. Using a toothpaste without Sodium Lauryl Sulfate has helped many people with acne around their mouth/chin - I use Sensodyne personally.    I don't think it really matters when you use it. I typically cleanse during my shower.    Using the Clarisonic once a day is very harsh on your skin. I recommend using it only 2 or 3 times a week. Physical exfoliation alone will not get rid of your acne, if anything it could make it worse. Please check the sidebar for more information on starting a routine for acne-prone skin.  It's up to you whether you want to return it. Some people love it, but every day is too much.    I recommend posting in the daily routine thread. There's tons of information in the sidebar about starting a routine, depending on whether your skin is dry, oily, dehydrated, or acne prone. Take a look there (kokomocat linked you to it!).   Once you've checked that out and you've got a basic routine going, you can ask questions in the Daily Routine Thread for more specifics. The people on there are very helpful! Good luck.    Your skin shouldn't feel tight after using it. You could try the CeraVe Hydrating Cleanser. Do you moisturize in the morning or just at night?   I would look for a cleanser that is hydrating rather than foaming. You might find good suggestions in the Dry skin routine in the sidebar.    I second asking a doctor or a dermatologist, especially if you are keeping the area moisturized.    1.) I had never heard of Cleanance K, but according to Paula's Choice it doesn't have the right percentage of Salicylic acid to be effective. You can read more about that [here](http://www.paulaschoice.com/beautypedia-skin-care-reviews/by-brand/avene/_/Cleanance-K-Cream-Gel). It also has fragrance in it which could irritate your skin.   I would not recommend the scrub. I personally avoid any kind of physical scrub because it's too harsh. I would try adding the PC 1% BHA Gel.   2.) You could try the Paula's Choice cleanser. It seems to have good reviews. I would go on cosDNA and review the ingredients. I personally use Cerave Foaming Cleanser which is quite cheap and effective. They also have a hydrating cleanser.   3.) If you have discoloration, incorporating an AHA into your routine may be effective. I would look into what Paula's choice offers as far as AHAs go. A lot of people like the Paula's Choice 8% AHA Gel.    You use it before the BP. You apply it, then wait 20 minutes to let it do it's thing, and then you apply the BP! So you do not need to wash it off.    That's strange that you break out from Cerave but not Cetaphil! I suspected you might be sensitive to fatty alcohols, in which case Nivea Creme is recommended, but I can't vouch for it being shiny or not. Another that's recommended is Oilatum Natural Repair Face Cream, has very little in it that could be comedogenic. Worth looking into!   Hey! I was curious about this too so I did some searching on this subreddit and over on /r/AsianBeauty. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkincareAddiction/comments/1lpvse/explain_toner_to_me/) toner is described nicely.   Over in Asian Beauty they use pH balancing toners and hydrating toners. I think each toner has a different purpose rather than all toners have the same purpose, you know?   [Etude House Wonder Pore](http://www.amazon.com/Etude-House-Wonder-Freshner-500ml/dp/B005TTSDYW) is quite popular, and its main function seems to be pH balancing and reducing the appearance of pores.   I personally use Thayer's Witch Hazel with Rose Water. It smells amazing and makes my skin feel very fresh. I use it right after my Cerave Foaming Facial Cleanser. [Here](http://www.cosdna.com/eng/cosmetic_4f57150665.html) is the ingredient info on that - looks like it has pH balancers in it.  Typically American style toners are very drying because they have alcohol in them. Avoid any toner with alcohol in it, because this will worsen your dryness! I would head over to /r/AsianBeauty to search for a toner recommendation. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AsianBeauty/comments/2i2opt/tonersmists_which_blow_you_away/) is a thread I found helpful, with lots of recommendations for toners for dry skin.   Hope that helps!    Like MrPurr said below it could be because of how you are applying it. Instead of rubbing it on, try patting it on. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v34vYwYMCZE#t=50) is a nice video on how to do it if that's unclear.   Do you feel a burning sensation, or does your skin just turn red? How long does it take for the redness to fade?   Interesting. But isn't it impossible to tell if it's PIH or PIE unless you do that pressure test? Where you push on the spot and if it goes away it's PIE?     I was interested in what was in the body oil so I looked it up on cosDNA. [Here](http://www.cosdna.com/eng/cosmetic_ffe3136079.html) is the link! Looks like it has a few ingredients that are irritating and comedogenic. That's quite a helpful website for looking at ingredients in the future.   I love my Vaseline intensive care moisturizer, the fragrance free kind. It works really well and is not irritating at all. It's also cheap and you can find it anywhere.    It's recommended to dilute the tea tree oil, general guideline is 10-15% tea tree oil diluted with a carrier oil. I mix my tea tree oil with mineral oil. It can cause burns and irritation if used directly on skin! Be careful.    If you want to do both the bha and aha at night, you need to apply one, wait 20-30 minutes, then apply the other and wait 20-30 minutes, then go about the rest of your routine. I generally apply my bha in the morning, and then my aha at night because it causes sensitivity to sunlight.    My first suggestion is to incorporate a better sunscreen. SPF 15 is not enough. I would get something with at least SPF 30.  For the moisturizing issue, I would sample a different moisturizer. I had issues with dry skin in certain areas but when using Cerave in the tub moisturizer my skin is very moisturized during the day. You could look into that or Cerave PM, which are both pretty similar except the PM has niacinamide in it, which can help with PIH.  Also, some people have success with the Hado Labo Gokujyun Lotion, which you use in addition to a moisturizer. It is also called the Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion which is sold at Walgreens!    Why are you using a face wash in addition to the salicylic wash? I'm wondering if this is too drying on your skin. Also, it is recommended to use SA in a lotion rather than a face wash, since the 30-45 seconds it is on your face is not enough time. I would recommend looking into a BHA lotion instead of the face wash. [Here](http://www.paulaschoice.com/shop/skin-care-categories/aha-and-bha-exfoliants/_/Skin-Perfecting-Two-Percent-BHA-Lotion-Exfoliant/) is an example of what I mean.  Green tea does have anti-inflammatory properties, and there are actually a lot of skin care products with green tea in them that you apply topically. Could be worth looking into! There are a few asian products that come to mind, like Innisfree Green Tea Seed Serum. I'm sure the green tea benefits you in other ways, like relaxing you! So it's not a bad habit :)  The sunscreen does moisturize, yes. If you don't feel like you need moisturizer in the morning you can skip it and only use sunscreen.   If he doesn't want to I can't see him using any kind of product no matter what I recommend. He has to want to do it...other than washing the bed sheets more often and replacing his pillow case every night I don't know what you could do.    I'm really disappointed because a product I am using is definitely causing me to break out. However, I am really not sure what product it is. Can someone help me figure this out?   My routine is here:  **AM**  * Rinse face with water. * Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel. * Apply Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion (SA 2%). Wait 20 minutes. * Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence. * Apply a thin layer of Cerave in the tub. * Apply Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen SPF 30  **PM**  * OCM with sunflower oil and neem oil. Double cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser. * Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel. * Apply Alpha Hydrox. Wait 30 minutes. * Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence. * Sheet mask if I have the time. * Apply a spot treatment to active pimples - either Burt's Bees Blemish stick, Clinique 10% BP gel, or 2.5% BP gel, or neem oil. Wait 10 minutes. * Apply Cerave in the tub. Finish off with thin layer of Vaseline.  Okay, so I have used the following products without breakouts for a few months: all Cerave products, Alpha Hydrox, Neutrogena Lotion and sunscreen, sunflower oil and neem oil. I also don't react negatively to the BP spot treatments or my Burts Blemish stick.   So that leaves the Thayer's Witch Hazel, which I recently incorporated into my routine, and the Benton Snail Bee (noooo). It's kind of funny because I should be more upset about my breakout but I'm kind of excited, because it's like a mystery I have to solve!   So my plan is to reduce my routine to what I know does not cause breakouts (or at least, I'm 90% sure doesn't?). If that helps, then what should my plan be from there? Patch test the products again? Is it possible an old product caused me to breakout but didn't until now? Is it also possible none of my products are actually breaking me out and my boyfriend is right that I'm crazy and I just break out?  The thing is, I have weird bumps on my forehead, and my forehead is usually always freakin' clear. So it HAS to be a product, right? Also, could the vaseline be causing this?   Also, one last thing, I created a DIY tea tree oil spot treatment, so 10% tea tree oil and the rest mineral oil. I know tea tree oil and mineral oil don't break me out, but my breakout coincided with the night I applied this to my spots. I just don't know...any help figuring this out is GREATLY appreciated! The breakouts are very very small bumps, some whiteheads, and honestly it's quite mild, but definitely a deviation from my normal skin.   Thank you for the help, and sorry for the book!!  EDIT: I just remembered when I first started my new skincare routine I broke out on my neck, in a similar way I am breaking out on my forehead. At that point I was using Cerave foaming, Alpha Hydrox, and Cerave moisturizer. Could the Alpha Hydrox possibly be breaking me out too?   280 dollars?! Is there gold in it?    Awesome! Thank you so much for all the info!   How do you like the LJH tea tree essence? I was considering buying that because tea tree oil works so well with my skin. Has it helped with breakouts at all?   I've been hearing a lot lately that too many products in your routine is not a good thing, and that you can benefit from simplifying your routine. Is this a bunch of BS? My thought would be that if a routine with a lot of products isn't working, it's likely that one of those products is breaking you out, and so by simplifying it you just happen to get rid of the problem product. I've heard things like, you need to stop using so many products to give your face time to breathe and heal. This also sounds phony. Is there any evidence that less is more with skincare?  My routine is here:  **AM**  * Rinse face with water. * Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel. * Apply Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion (SA 2%). Wait 20 minutes. * Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence. * Apply a thin layer of Cerave in the tub. * Apply Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen SPF 30   **PM**  * OCM with sunflower oil and neem oil. Double cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser. * Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel. * Apply Alpha Hydrox. Wait 30 minutes. * Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence. * Sheet mask if I have the time. * Apply a spot treatment to active pimples - either Burt's Bees Blemish stick, Clinique 10% BP gel, or 2.5% BP gel, or neem oil. Wait 10 minutes. * Apply Cerave in the tub. Finish off with thin layer of Vaseline.   In addition I do a mint julep mask or aztec clay mask once a week.   I was considering adding in the OST C20 to my routine for Vitamin C. Where would this go in my routine? Also, I am going to be mixing tea tree oil and mineral oil to create a spot treatment in an amber dropper bottle. How do I go about figuring out percentages? Or should I ask in /r/DIYbeauty?  Thanks!  	83
 On it   Usually you can just hang around anywhere that has element 115, and they should start to appear.    I feel like he saved it with the edit though   I... I had this book as a kid...   Thanks for being patient and helpful with your answers. It's really cool to have you around because you always try to help.   I felt the exact same way you did at first, now I love him   I guess the experience is still fun.   Good lord, hope everyone is safe   I can come get the TV any time today   I can come get the TV any time today   Emo? Aren't they black and pink?   Thanks for taking the time to type this   Just because I hold a viewpoint doesn't mean I favor when someone rudely asserts their opinion over another.    Well said.   Came in the senate, didn't do too bad but I'm out now. Watching di finals!   Gold? Cool.   Thanks, that was really cool of you to follow up with that. Awesome stuff, hope it leads to new developments!    Oh cool, thanks!   What do the radios say?   Has he found it   You look 13   You look 13.   Funny games   Just working all night. Tired :/   Why, by rascal Flatt's How to save a life, the fray The book of love, forget who it's by :/    Thanks! You too. I just took like four practice tests the night before, that's about it   A lot easier than I expected it to be. The practice one's and previous years' tests were a lot harder.    Genius :)   Hi :)      Happy birthday :)   SCP-458   Cool, thanks!    Good job! What was your class setup?   His devoted followers?   r/didsaberusfindityet   That commercial made my night.   I'm too young to know much about life and love, but I can promise you that you will get over him. Just reading your post, I realized how special of a person you are. Your writing, humor, hope and optimism are what will get you over this.    Sorry to bother you again, I was wondering if you could help me with another thing. Do you know where I could find data on the same topic, but this time, what % turned up for the election? For example, "38% of Catholics said they voted in 1984." If you can help, it would be a lot of help :) thanks afaib   This is beyond helpful, thank you so much!   I was wondering if you could help me find some information. I'm looking for statistics on the past 20 US presidential elections, such has how people voted based on their religion, ethnicity, education, etc. For example, "38% of catholics voted for Clinton." I've been searching all over for this data, and any help on finding it would be majorally appreciated.  	41
 Probably a lot younger than you, but, I *really* understand that feeling of losing everything all at once. PM me if you need someone to vent to and/or have pointless conversation with to distract yourself from doing something permanent.    Everyone else is getting burritos and I'm sitting in my car because I don't want to be happy.  I've found from my experience that eventually, we become so comfortable in our own misery that even though we are suffering, when given an opportunity to be happy, we become scared and don't know how to react. Then again, that's just how it felt for me.   It's like you go 3 steps forward only to get thrown 30 steps back, right? Let me tell you, these are things that happen in life- most people just don't have to deal with them all at once, maybe not even have to deal with some of them at all. I really am not trying to be generic here because I am going through a very similar experience (very different situation, same feeling) things pass. After a while it doesn't seem like the world is ending and you learn to cope.   Have you ever just stayed up doing something to the point of exhaustion to avoid that "in between" time of trying to fall asleep?   I'm about 9 years your junior, but, I feel that to a certain degree, I understand what you've gone/are going through. Everything bad seems to happen all at once, dog piling on top of each other. It sucks. I'm not gonna lie, it's really difficult to cope with everything. I'm not sure how to really address this, but just know if you need someone to talk to in an effort to keep yourself from doing something *permanent* as a solution to a somewhat *temporary* problem, PM me.   I don't really know how to describe it. It's like, I won't want to close my laptop because I know it's keeping me up, but, at the same time, the period of time spent in the quiet darkness before falling asleep is too bearable to deal with because of my thoughts. Anyone else?  	6
 You forgot it in people- broken social scene  In the aeorplane over the sea- neutral milk hotel  Illmatic- nas  Music from big pink- the band  Sgt. Peppers lonely hearts club band- the Beatles   fair enough, but i think the consequences of failing this course arguably outweigh the annoyance of taking and additional half credit, at least in my situation, being an english student. do you need a science credit for a commerce degree?   yeah, i got 30/60. our marks were also 6 points higher than they would have been, because she boosted them. i might end up dropping psych, im too worried i might fail   try redreader beta, not super popular, but awesome nonetheless    i think you still get the breadth requirement. do you know when the marks will be available? I'm in the same credit/no credit situation.    im pretty sure i bombed it, i spent way too much time reviewing lecture notes, instead of studying the texbtook. might drop the course and try to get into a big idea course next year to fulfill the science credit for my degree   class is taught by prof luby, what do I need to know for the midterm? her outline was incredibly vague   is their any way to access the marking scheme short of having an awkward conversation with a ta?   	8
 The one thing I will forever recommend is a Rock n Play. It's so convenient, and is the one thing I have used the most and has been most useful. It's like a little baby hammock thing that you can rock and it makes them feel like they're being held by a person (or at least it does for my son). I've also heard amazing things about swings but we don't have one.    Let's do this!   I think she looks young because she wears a ponytail almost all the time, along with things like cat ear headbands.   All that should matter is that I get my work done and don't fuck up. I'm salaried, I'm not paid for hours there.    He directly instructed me to look for more assignments and wrote me up for not doing so.    I've been getting shit on at work for doing this.  My boss wants me to be a go-getter.  So despite doing all my work in an efficient and accurate manner, I'm supposed to go to other managers and ask if they need help with stuff.   When I do this they look at me like I'm crazy because they all have their own assistants to help them.  It's maddening.  My previous managers here were of the attitude that if I'm getting my work done and not screwing it up too much, whatever.   Last I heard she's been focusing more on her hair and makeup career.    Woohoo me too! Seriously cannot wait!!   This.  Borrow a dog, preferably one who eats poop.     [Naptime cuddles](http://i.imgur.com/4zJJFWT.jpg)  [Love grabbing daddy's beard](http://i.imgur.com/CRXTwgh.jpg)  [All ready for church!](http://i.imgur.com/xAxRFNR.jpg)  [Mister bottom lip](http://i.imgur.com/XQNBLSP.jpg)   Yeah same. I drank the "Energy" one one summer in high school because I figured it was better than caffeine and would give me energy. I was a sucker. Probably the only reason I didn't gain 20 pounds was because I worked as a day camp counselor and ran around all day   Mine only knows when I drift off to sleep.  He's in a crib in his own room, but about half the nights I'll get him in there asleep, go to lay down in my room, and I swear as soon as I drift off I hear cries from the baby monitor.  I usually wait 2-3 minutes to see if he drifts off back to sleep, which he usually doesn't do.   I think a big part of that is in the US women only get 6-8 weeks of maternity leave and availability of non-bathroom pumping places for working mothers sucks.   Breastfeeding is *hard*.  I tried and chose not to for my own mental sanity because I knew I couldn't do it and I was having supply issues.  I couldn't even get out the 1.8 ounces that are best for baby's immune system.  Also I would only be able to BF for 6 weeks, as my company is really small and doesn't have a place for mothers to pump.  Every lactation consultant and expert I talked to said that a mother's mental health is much more important for baby than breast milk.  Turns out my baby is allergic to milk protein anyways, so he would have had to be on a food allergy formula anyways.   Unless you're administering an epidural, then you're the best person in the universe and we'll brag about you until the baby steals the show.   Completely agree.  I have this acquaintance who is arguing with DOCTORS in the comments of a post she made with an article about how MMR vaccinations kill more than the measles itself.  Her family has had some medical problems and with things like a false-negative RSV test and other things she is very distrusting of modern medicine, and she even has an 8 month old who has to have open heart surgery soon.  And she's still refusing to vaccinate her other 2 kids and she refuses to get the booster herself.  She will instead quarantine her entire family for 6 weeks after her daughter's surgery to avoid the germs from the outside world.  It's infuriating.  That's what vaccines are for! They are needed to protect those people who CAN'T get vaccinated, like her daughter in those weeks after the surgery.     I completely agree but I've noticed a shift from the autism excuse to "the ingredients aren't safe and more people have died from the MMR vaccine than from measles!!"    Not eating at home/making my lunches. Nothing I make tastes good. It's getting to the point where I get nauseated thinking about it. And I don't have the energy to cook with a 4 month old baby.    Let's not lie, that's a fucking rain coat.  Boot.   SO KISS MY FACE   I just had a baby 4 months ago and I had to make sure I had the chicken pox vaccine before I got pregnant, and had to get the TDaP while pregnant so baby would be safe until his 2 month shots.  Just make sure you're up to date on all your vaccines before trying to get pregnant.   My son stops crying when the car is in motion but once we hit red lights, if he's in a bad mood or hungry, full on screaming.   I have depression and my psychiatrist prescribed me both vitamin D and getting outside more. Since I've been doing those two things my mood has greatly improved.    I can grow a pretty sweet beard. Too bad as a woman I have to get it threaded off.    I have to agree with you. I had Comcast for 3 years, only had one problem when my modem crapped out, but was replaced very easily. Had uverse for 3 months and we had to have a tech out 3 times already for the shit equipment   Do you think your mom will help raise the baby and she will get a break? I'd be afraid of that.   Move my in-laws from their apartment to their mostly remodeled house, move their old furniture into our house (old = 2 years old), and sleep as much as possible.  We'll probably also be watching the Super Bowl with them.  I like to relax by sending my son to spend the night at my in-laws and taking 3 hour naps.  Happens about twice a month thanks to awesome in-laws.     [Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPf0YbXqDm0).  That song makes me want to swagger downtown with my ladies.   Whoa, visions of high school with that song.   I have the kind of IBS that would be beneficial: not having to poop for days   Next season: Chad Michaels is addicted to being Cher.   I feel that way about peeing.  Like it pinches my urethra shut.  Sucks because I drink a LOT of water.   I'm the same, and I have a degree in Math.  Give me numbers, equations, formulas, matrices, etc... and I'm happy as a clam.  Tell me to prove something and I want to shoot myself.    And Andre is crying in the bathroom   Many pro-lifers go on about "potential lives", though, which can also be said about the doomed IVF embryos.  My sister is very pro-life, and she even refuses to get IVF done because you're essentially creating embryos to die, wasting potential life.  She also won't use the BC pill because it can prevent embryos from implanting properly    when girls go to the salon to get their eyebrows done, this is what they're doing.  False.  Most women get waxed still.     Yeah he pretty quickly rolls over now when we put him on his tummy.  I think that night we were doing it to tire him out so he was getting frustrated that he was getting put back on his tummy.   [My handsome boys](http://i.imgur.com/sIdwfgq.jpg)  [Smiling](http://i.imgur.com/DSHyMGz.jpg)  [Tummy time is the worst](http://i.imgur.com/vtKeVe1.jpg)  [Cheesin'](http://i.imgur.com/ZhkNIE9.jpg)   The leaning forward while having contractions does suck but the payoff is so worth it   I disagree with OP. I've been through far worse things than childbirth. It really wasn't that bad, thanks to the epidural. No fucking way would I have done natural, the one hour of contractions I could feel was horrible.   Gallbladder attacks are worse than childbirth, fwiw.    As someone who has u-verse after having Comcast for 3 years, I disagree. This uverse shit hasn't worked properly for more than 2 weeks.  At least Comcast was reliable enough that I never had to call customer service. I've had 3 att techs out in the 2 months I've been at my new place.    Some are being posted on tumblr, Twitter, and Facebook though.    I'll admit, an ice day would be nice  but last year when we had one we gave up our Good Friday holiday to make up for it   It's a lovely 74 degrees and sunny here in Houston.  Just putting that out there for all you guys in the NE.   I can't let mine grow out long enough to be waxed.  Too embarrassing.    BC never did shit for my PCOS hirsutism.  The only thing my doctor said would work is an anti-androgen medicine called Spironolactone.  Unfortunately this medicine also lowers BP, and my BP is already pretty low to begin with so taking it means possibly passing out and constant dizziness.  So I just keep on with my shave/tweeze/wax.   Well I assume if OP's dream came true and he was house husband to a RICH wife, they'd have a maid and 60% of the work would fall on someone else.   As someone who has a 3 month old and gained 25 lbs in pregnancy, this. People say "oh you're pregnant. Don't worry about it." While it's fine to give into the cravings occasionally, don't eat pop tarts and pizza the whole time.    or just over 36 pounds of broccoli   Red flags:  * "He then changed his mind around 25 weeks, saying he needed me to work"  Why?? If he was making the same amount of money, what big change happened that made him realize he needed your income?    * "He got off the phone and told me he had just locked us into a $200 a month contract for 2 years"  If he can't refuse the salespeople's schtick, he should not have any accounts in his name.  Any time he calls in to customer service they will usually try to sell him additional services.  This is a huge red flag and shows that your husband makes very poor financial decisions  * "He won’t even give me a complete break down of all our monthly expenses, to see myself if we can make staying at home work or not."  Why the fuck not?  This is the absolute biggest red flag to me as it seems to indicate he may be hiding something from you.  Maybe a spending problem, maybe something bigger like a gambling problem.  But you are an equal part in your relationship and you have a right to see what all your money is going towards.  Do you not have access to the checking account to see the list of transactions?  I would demand access first and foremost.  * " I haven’t drove my car in 3 months, only his, and he refuses to let me sell the piece of junk to cut out the insurance payment, and put some extra money in our pockets"  Is the car in your name, his name, or both? If the car isn't being driven, there's no reason to keep it around, especially with an insurance payment.  Why does he get to make all the financial calls when you are working and bringing income in?  I could *maybe* **maybe** understand if you were a SAHM and had no income, but since you are a contributor to the finances of your household, you have the right to see where your money is going.   You are not being irrational.  I would be resentful of my husband, too, if I were in your shoes.  I am also a working mom of a 3 month old and miss my son every day.  My husband works from home and while I'm jealous of him getting to be around Rhys all day, I don't resent him because he treats me like an equal partner.  Your husband is treating you like a child and it's unacceptable.   I wouldn't be trusting all the money stuff with someone who has that much credit card debt in the first place.  I mean, sometimes it's unavoidable, I've been there.  But to refuse to let your spouse in on the budget is a HUUUGE red flag to me.  I'd say he has a spending problem or something similar.  Why else would he want to hide the finances from her?   I was glad to see her accountability partner telling her "no bullshit" over skype, but then she started trying to rationalize her bullshit after saying "i totally agree, no bullshitting you."  Then her partner called her out on her "Catch 22" bullshit.   I'm currently 250 after gaining weight during pregnancy.  I was astounded when I saw Tara's goal weight was 250, since I feel like a fat blubbery whale now, though I'm working on it.  That TV show sure helps in the motivation department.   You're right, I missed that part.   I loved how she said to her son "are you gonna go down the slide? I'll catch you!" As her husband was wheeling her butt to the playground and she had no intention of getting out of the wheelchair. I wondered how he didn't weigh as much as she does eating the same crap but it's because he has to push 600lbs around on the regular.    Did you mean the Hola extension?   I can easily visualize and relate to the first two but the squat... I just can't get it right. Been working on body weight as an absolute beginner for a couple weeks. I'll get it eventually   I really love your comparison to abstinence-only birth control.  I'm obese.  I'm constantly working on it, but as someone who also suffers from depression and anxiety who uses food as a crutch, there are deeper issues that need treatment as well.  I'm sure there are people out there who can go "Oh, I'm eating too much, let me stop doing that!" and lose weight.  I am not one of them, and I'd be willing to bet that the majority of obese persons don't fall into that category.     Bask in the babyness.   This is inspiring.  I'm 5'5 and 250 right now and I'm having a really really hard time convincing myself to start losing weight.  All of my doctors have told me low carb since I have PCOS, and whenever I do keto/atkins/low carb I end up giving into my cravings after a week or so.  Did you struggle at all with depression before? Did it affect you?   [Good morning smiles](http://i.imgur.com/cM5Z35Y.jpg)  ["I just pooped" smile](http://i.imgur.com/64SbkuX.jpg)  [Woke up from nap smiles](http://i.imgur.com/YN0mp4y.jpg)  [Just chillin' in his bouncer](http://i.imgur.com/0OHxsfK.jpg)   Kaley Cuoco just had to have sinus surgery to repair the damage nose spray did after habitually using it.    My husband and I were addicted to this stuff. I stopped after I had chased the high so much that one new blend gave me awful panic attacks. My husband stopped after it got outlawed and our favorite smoke shop stopped selling it. I told him I would rather he smoke weed than that fake shit. He quit right as all the deaths and seizures were being reported. That shit is so scary. I barely remember anything from the months I spent smoking it.    A crocheted Ood   Friends   Canned bacon? WTF   Woo!   Milkshakes.    Unless your water breaks! I was told if my water broke before labor to come in asap. It did and I got in immediately but still ended up with an infection   This weekend will be spent getting our lives organized and picking up before the maid comes.  A lot of stress in our house comes from chores like wiping down the bathroom and mopping, so this is a treat to myself to reduce that stress.    Will also finish getting the nursery set up since little man is about to out grow his bassinet at 3 months.   I got that look so many times that once, when I went out to eat with my HS boyfriend and his family before a movie, I refused to order anything because I didn't want to be a financial burden on them.  I just kept imagining my dad giving me that look because I ordered 3 enchiladas instead of 2.  So I just did without while they ate.  SO AWKWARD.   Ironically I was raised southern baptist :)   We have godparents/sponsors. Yeah Lutherans are infant baptizers   New mother here. I call my son baby way more than I use his actual name. But he is a baby. Will report back in 18 years.    [Before baptism, he couldn't sit still](http://i.imgur.com/iXDBmkh.jpg)  [After baptism](http://i.imgur.com/7nbkMl7.jpg)  [Bumbo time](http://i.imgur.com/EQWibof.jpg)  [Smirk](http://i.imgur.com/VGecEvd.jpg)  [Hanging with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/MJk4qdC.jpg)  I have more on my phone but my data connection is being weird and won't let me upload to imgur   Good Friday, 2009 or 2010. Associate pastor of my husbands church decided to liven up communion a bit and made a life size Jesus out of bread that the congregation then tore chunks off of and ate. That was a weird one.    It's uncommon here in the US.  Are you in the US or UK?   Correct!   I am constantly correcting the pronunciation.  "RICE???" ughhhh.    I just posted my introduction in that subreddit!   Off topic, but I have a Rhys that was born a day before yours.  COINCIDENCE   I feel the same way about Taylor Swift that you do about JLaw and Emma Stone.   I'll have a meatball sub, extra bread.   I had to stop myself from trying to visualize things in calculus.  In algebra it's all about graphs, lines, etc...  Calculus gets you into 3D and higher things and you have to learn to stop the visualizing and just work with the numbers.     Trying to lose baby weight, back on keto this week and my sugar addiction monkey is screeching on my back.  And someone brought Shipley's donuts for breakfast.  Hnggg..... I can do this...   Don't be scared!  I have a degree in math and the way to get through it is to go to class, pay attention/take notes, and do homework (even if it's not required).  Math really is all about practice.   Each problem is like a puzzle.  If you solve a puzzle more than once, each time it becomes a little easier until you know how to do it without referencing anything.   Yes, use the nursery if you think you'll need the rest! And if you have an epidural, sleep during labor if you can!  My water broke as I was getting into bed at 1am and I didn't sleep at all until about midnight the next night.   But you'll be perfectly fine.  Use the nurses help, they'll show you everything and answer any questions you have.    If baby isn't in the NICU she'll be in the room with you and nurses will help you with feeding and changing her.  And it's basically only that for the first couple of months.  Feeding and changing.  Newborns are like eating, pooping, potatoes.  They just don't do much otherwise.    I think this would be the most effective way to organize meetups    I would definitely attend a meeting for the Houston area.     Imagine how terrifying it is giving birth to one then 2 days later being sent home with it!  Like... what do we do now?  They're letting us keep it? How irresponsible of the hospital to do something like that!  But then you learn to deal with it really quickly.   Was it just regular PE or was he involved in a sport?  At my HS the sports kids worked out in the weight room but the PE kids just did bullshit games   Check out his instagram, he's always posting little practice stop motion videos he makes.   The Nicene Creed and the Apostles Creed are extremely similar, there's not really any big theological differences between the two.   What about eventual heaven? I'm not familiar with the theology of purgatory, but doesn't it eventually end for all those who are in purgatory?   The majority of Christian denominations agree on this.  The reason there are so many denominations are disagreements about sacraments and other works we do after we become Christians.   Christianity is all about forgiveness.  There's one requirement for salvation in the majority of Christianity and that is believing ~~what the Apostles' (edit: or Nicene, or Athanasian) Creed says.~~ in the divinity of Jesus Christ and his death atoning for the sins of mankind.  edit for clarity.      "Half of the doctors are below average" really stuck with me when taking doctors advice with a grain of salt.   How is Peggy short for Margaret?   Congrats to all the winners!  Only two baby pics today.  [ankle rattles](http://i.imgur.com/qO7hOWK.jpg)  [gangsta baby](http://i.imgur.com/KWpMNC6.jpg)   Congrats! If you have any questions feel free to ask us here :)   Really?  That's very surprising, since low carb has been shown to work best for those with insulin resistance.     Got pregnant with nothing saved.  Saved up, paid deductible to my OB and had maybe $1k in savings when I was put on bed rest at 32 weeks.  We had eaten out a lot while I was pregnant due to my food aversions and exhaustion/laziness.  Thankfully my in-laws are wealthy and helped us out, but we burned through our savings and had to live on my husband's pay.  Now we're finally caught up on all our bills after me being back at work for a month and we just put our first $550 in the bank.  $6k in CC should be paid off by June (and we should have $7k in emergency fund by then).     If doing a program like SL, should I start with body weight squats (as well as stretching and flexibility exercises) but do the barbell deadlift/row/bench press?   I agree with everything said so far.  Another way would be to place a 5lb plate under each heel.  Weightlifting shoes have a slight heel in them that can help you get lower with squats.   Yeah it's horrible.  I mean he hasn't cut any yet and I haven't confirmed with the doctor but he's got most of the symptoms so I'm just assuming that's what it is.   What's crazy is I was raised one of those believer's baptism people.   Calling /u/namer98 !   WTF is this snow business you people are talking about?    I have my own form of misery, though, in the form of a teething 3 month old.  On the bright side: he's getting baptized on Sunday!   Link? I missed that post    Baby fingernails are razor sharp and they like to scratch their own faces.   I've yet to meet an endocrinologist who was against low-carb diets, at least in my case (pre-diabetic and PCOS).   [Exodus 22:2]     After giving birth I'm getting back into lifting.  Before I was pregnant, my husband and I would go to the gym together after work and do SL.  Now that we have the kid it's really difficult to go to the gym together.  He's uneasy about me doing SL by myself because I'll eventually need a spotter for bench.  Deadlifts and squats are no big deal because I use a power rack.    My question is this:   Are there any other lifting programs that wouldn't require a spotter for any of the exercises?  I really liked the simplicity of SL and the lack of things I really hate (like lunges).  Should I just do SL with dumbbells?  Should I tell my husband "I got it" and do SL with barbells?    The biggest obstacle here is being intimidated, socially anxious, and extremely shy.  If I have to ask for a spot from some rando I will probably throw up, so I'd prefer not to have to do that.  I know I'm a wuss and I should suck it up but I already feel like an impostor as a 240lb female and have pretty severe anxiety about that sort of thing.++   Edit: THANKS!   Will be learning roll of shame or to ditch the weights on either side if i get stuck on bench.   Well my MIL watches Rhys every day so today's picture from "daycare with Gigi" includes ankle rattles, since he's been a kicking fiend lately.  http://i.imgur.com/itvwJDI.jpg   I see it as very tricky.  As /u/namer98 said, the OT commands it.  But there is contradictory information in the NT like /u/I3lindman brought up.  Is deadly self-defense technically repaying evil for evil? Peter used it when the soldiers came to take Jesus away and he was rebuked for doing so.  However, Humans were given the right to exact the death penalty for murder ( John 19:10-11 ; Rom 13:1-4 ).    In the OT, even a thief could be killed in self-defense. Jesus commanded his disciples to arm themselves and the only time Jesus was recorded in rebuking the use of a sword was when Peter was trying to get in the way of Christ's specific purpose to lay down His life.  Honestly, if it came down to it I would absolutely use deadly force to protect myself or my family if their lives were being threatened by someone.  I don't know if it's a sin, but I know I would go through severe mental anguish if that situation were to become a reality.   It wouldn't have evolved past the basic handshake since Lutherans are against change.   My husband always wants to say "may the force be with you" when we greet each other during the service.    	117
 Good sustained pressure since half time, really hope we turn this into a goal and relieve some of the pressure.   Has he been, though? I don't get the chance to watch most games, so I've no idea what he's been like. It just seems odd that our top scorer last year, and POTY, doesn't play in two of our most important games!   Why isn't Commons playing again? Is he carrying a knock or something?    Charlie Mulgrew, comic relief if you're not a Celtic fan.  My reaction to this was "WHIT??!?!?......oh"  Well played sir!   Is anyone doing a thread for the game?   [This goal](http://youtu.be/iS-EmtSLCms?t=1m30s) from Chris Sutton against Rangers. As much as anything else, it was the circumstances of the goal that made it so good. We'd played Rangers 5 times that year and won 5 of them. This game was headed for a goalless draw, then Sutton scored this beauty in stoppage time to give us 6 wins out of 6! :)   A BOBFOC, if ever I saw one (Body Off Baywatch, Face Off Crimewatch).   It'll be interesting to see how Liverpool cope with the injuries to their players, if they're out for any length of time. From what I remember from last year, they didn't have many players out for long stretches of time, with the exception of the Suarez ban at the beginning.   I really hope Aguero stays fit for the entire season, he's a delight to watch.   And that one ended up making all the difference!   Christ almighty. This would go down very well in /r/legs if you haven't posted there already.    I'll definitely take that. Playing at Celtic Park rather than Murrayfield in the next leg will be huge.   Maybe he wanted a more defensive-minded midfield.   I'm shiting myself. :(   Cracking save!   Why wasn't Commons on from the start?   [Looks it!](http://i2.dailyrecord.co.uk/incoming/article3685574.ece/alternates/s615/John-Collins.png)   I'm just being a dick. It's just because of what happened last time he played for us in Europe!   Like Davie Provan was saying, it's a thankless task he's got tonight.   Fuck sake, Ambrose is coming on. We need to score 3 goals, and quick.   What's happened to Izaguirre, he was POTY in 2011.   Out of curiosity, I just had a look at their website, and it's a strange experience. Sitting there looking at carpets, then all of a sudden "We have all the time in the World" by Louis Armstrong starts playing. Seems an odd choice.   I wish Craig Gordon would stop hoofin it up the fuckin pitch. Teams at this level just eat that up.   [Try this one, mate.](http://hdfoots.com/watch/skysports-5-live-streaming.html)   Johansen with a cracking goal-line cleara.......oh.   Perfect start! Just like last time! Let's not collapse like a flan in a cupboard this time. (Credit to Eddie Izzard for that one)   Coupled with the lure of playing alongside the mercurial A.Trialist, it must be a difficult offer to turn down.   Is the discussion just about managers handling troublesome players? Or does it extend to good man-management in general? i.e. getting the most out of players who could otherwise be quite ordinary?  I ask because I don't remember Celtic having too many troublesome players over the years, but I always felt Martin O'Neill was a brilliant man manager who always got the very best out of his players.   Would hugely appreciate the name, if anyone knows it!   Would this be classed as breaching? They just look like they're feeding to me, using their bubble netting technique. I thought breaching was when they completely launch themselves out of the water.   Fuck me, he's like a real-life [Hot Shot Hamish.](http://www.alternatecover.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/hotshothamish.jpg)  [For the unitiated.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hot_Shot_Hamish_and_Mighty_Mouse)   Thanks mate, I think that's what I'm going to be doing. Because so many of the units use vespene gas, I often find I have a huge surplus of minerals, so at those points I'm going to start spamming the cannons. I tried zealots but they just get eaten up. I can position my cannons behind my gateway blocks. Cheers!   Yeah I just started using Dark Templars and it's ridiculous how much easier they make it! I failed that time because I didn't make enough phoenix ships to counter the overseers, but I won't be making that mistake this time :)   Thanks mate, don't want to use a walkthrough just yet, I've nearly cracked it I think. Just wasn't sure if Immortals were worth the resources or if cannons were better, but I'm leaning towards cannons definitely.   I'm on the mission In Utter Darkness, and was just wondering how useful photon cannons are? I notice that they hit for 20 damage to land and air units, but they draw lots of aggro, and seem to die quite easily, whereas Immortals are much hardier, but only attack ground units. Am I wasting time building photon cannons or are they ok?  Please don't give me any other tips regarding the level, I'm slowly but surely working my towards getting it :)  Thanks!   I wasn't really thinking of any particular map, just looking for general tips. Thanks for the heads up about Team Liquid I'll have a look at their stuff.   [Paul Ince, tactical genius.](http://i6.photobucket.com/albums/y234/oofuss/vlcsnap-43555.png)   Yeah, it's odd that when someone like Redknapp says almost the exact same thing, it gets very few upvotes, but when Rodgers says it, it suddenly becomes a stunning piece of insight.  Although from comments I read in other places where the Redknapp story was printed, it seemed like people were suggesting that Redknapp himself is guilty of offering huge wages to players, although not necessarily youngsters.   Thanks a lot for the reply mate :) I don't really have any map in particular in mind, I'm just trying to improve my overall game to complete the campaign more effectively. I'll give the bunkers a go definitely. I've also been using actual buildings like Barracks etc. to form the funnel, but then they don't attack at the same time! I was just thinking bunkers might be a bit weak, but if I have an SCV repairing, and a wall of units behind that would help.  Thanks :)   Hi everyone,  I'm currently playing through the Terran campaign on Hard, and one of the things I'm trying to implement in my games is the formation of choke points leading to my base so that it funnels the enemy into a smaller point, the zerglings especially. I'm particularly looking for tips on how to create one when there's no ramp.  I was just wondering though, what's the best way to do it? My thinking was to have supply depots running into my base, forming a v-shape, and having perdition turrets, bunkers and siege tanks just behind them.  My main question is, will the enemy always run into the smallest point of the funnel, or will they just start attacking the furthest away supply depots, which would kind of defeat the whole purpose of the choke point.  Any tips on this would be greatly appreciated.   I would imagine it's going to be over a few cities. The article mentions Barca, Real, Chelsea and Man City competing, but that the MCG is only hosting 3 games, so they must be having some elsewhere. I'd be hugely surprised if none of them were played in Sydney.  EDIT: Just noticed it says potentially involving those teams, so obviously nothing is set in stone. But if they do get 4 teams, they'll need more than one stadium.   You're not alone. I literally couldn't get beyond 30 seconds, his voice was irritating me that much.   /r/sex_comics sometimes has this kind of thing in it.   /r/sex_comics is your best bet. I've seen these in there before.   [This is the whole story](http://g.e-hentai.org/g/596077/dfee606f0b/)   More colourful, certainly :D  I would have been following this but didn't see it. I was sitting on /r/ScottishFootball looking for a thread!   I've been keeping up to date on this match on the bet365 website, which updates the game minute by minute including stats. According to them, Rangers have had no shots on target the entire game. Is that a mistake??      Just dloaded Swiftkey and it's perfect, thanks :)   Thanks mate, I'll look that up :)   Despite having had my Galaxy for ages now, I've only just started using the voice input to dictate messages, and I'm really liking it. But is there a faster way to choose voice input? At the moment, I open the message, then drag the notification bar down and select 'change input method', then select voice. Is there a single button I can press while in my message to change back and forth from voice to typing?   Ma is included in the link :) Bottom image.   Thanks so much for these links :)   Ah right, didn't realise, sorry. Thanks for the info :)   I have the upgrade for my SCVs to work together to build things faster, but I'm having a problem and was wondering if there's a way to solve it? If I select, say, 5 SCVs, then order them to build a barracks, they all scoot off to the footprint, but then only one starts building, and the other 4 just look on, so I then need to select them and get them to work on it. Is there a way to get them all working as soon as they arrive so that I can send them off and forget about them till the building is finished? I'm trying to perfect my technique of sealing off my base, and this would really help. (I don't know if this makes a difference, but I don't play multiplayer, just the campaign.)  Thanks.  EDIT: APOLOGIES!! I should have put this in the starcraft strategy sub, I completely forgot about that :(   Never heard that one either! Where is that used?   Never heard of that one before - is that found anywhere else, or is it specific to that region? I think Maw is pretty widespread.   Totally agree. As a Celtic fan, I'm obviously pleased we're in the next round now, but going through like this leaves a really bad taste in the mouth. We got absolutely hammered and don't deserve to be anywhere near the Champions League based on those performances, and I can't imagine what the Legia fans are feeling.   There is also 'Maw' in Scottish dialects. For example, if you were to exclaim to your friend that you felt his mother was somewhat promiscuous, you might say, "Here Davey, your Maw's a right wee dirty."   Sorry, on my mobile so can't see flair! What I meant was, what would United's midfield look like?   Thanks for the reply mate. If you were to get him, what would your midfield look like?   Despite his obvious reputation, I don't really know much about this guy. What kind of player is he, and where would he fit in at United?   The whole 'classy' aspect of this sub really grates on me. Half the fun of football is winding up your rivals when they fuck something up. As long as you can take as good as you give, I don't see the problem.   But I can get to a guy without anyone raising the alarm, but I still can't get the stealth kill :( Ah well, sounds like it's not meant to be, from what you've said. Guns blazing it is :D   I'm on chapter 15, and I've just come to a kind of graveyard section, and I want to try some stealth kills. But every time I go up to the first guy and try to do it, he just kind of pushes me off him, then unloads his handgun into me, as do all of his friends! Are there some enemies immune to stealth kills, or am I doing something wrong? I'm walking up behind him and pressing square.   Yes...yes....yes,YES.........YEEEEEEES!!! That......was a goal!   I can see why you added it. Andy Gray, or whoever it was that said the 'cold, Wednesday night in Stoke', obviously added the Wednesday for effect, being a rather mundane week day. The complete opposite of which would be a lovely, warm Saturday evening :)  EDIT: Spelling   Thanks for the reply, multijoy. Always good to see both sides of the argument. (It wasn't me that downvoted you!)   What you've written actually illustrates my biggest fear about routinely armed police officers - the potential for an arms race between police and criminals. If police officers are dealing with a situation where someone has a knife, they have tasers they can use to incapacitate them. If police start pulling guns on people with knives, I'm worried that the criminals will start arming themselves as well.   What's the current situation with season books? Are a lot of fans still holding back until they get reassurances over Ibrox and Murray Park?   It's already happened! Apologies for the dreadful quality.  [Luke Shaw](http://soccer.indonewyork.com/watch-luke-shaws-thats-fucking-ball-ref/)   Even though these goals don't look like they're stuck in the ground, as they usually are in football games, if anyone struck the post with enough force to actually move the entire frame of the goal, death would soon follow.   I think this is a very important thing to remember - that most of the European armies at the time, including the Germans, were made up of conscripts who had no choice but to go to war. The thought of being forced to go to war is something I can't even comprehend, nor do I ever want to!   Thanks for the replies everyone. I actually restarted the game before reaching the end, as I found normal difficulty far too easy, and I'll definitely be doing the missions now that I'm playing on hard - I need that research! :D  I'm enjoying it more than I did when I posted originally, I think I must have been really tired or something!  Thanks for all your replies :)   Love this line from a page on Great Danes: Young Great Danes can be boisterous and unless supervised, can dismay you with the magnitude of their destructiveness.   I've tried to watch that film a few times now, and I can never get through it. Vastly overrated IMO.    a weird cut away.  This is one of the main reasons I dislike cutscenes or actual gameplay that's from a sort of dreamlike point of view - I always feel like it's a cut away, no matter how it's presented, and I just never enjoy them. I have no idea what makes me feel that way, but it does!  I'll definitely play through them on my second playthrough, but for now I'll pass on them. I've already gotten 100% Zerg research which is nice :)   Thanks :)  I'm going to give them a miss on this run through, but I'll do them when I go through it again on hard :)   So I can safely skip them and not miss out on any of the main plot?   Please don't read this if you don't want any spoilers. I've tried 3 times to include the spoiler formatting but without success!  I was just wondering, are the prophecy missions in SC2 vital to the plot? This is the first time I've played through and I love the game, but I can't stand dream sequence type missions (in any game) so I really don't want to do them, but don't want to have gaping holes in the plot either. I know I'll miss out on some research but I'm ok with that.  Any info would be very welcome. Thanks!   I'm a primary school teacher, and an introvert, which is why most lunch times I'll just sit in my room and eat alone. I can't face being surrounded by loads of adults jabbering away, having just spent all morning being surrounded by loads of kids! I absolutely need that alone time.   I don't think there's any doubt that United will be better this year than last, but I'm dubious as to whether it's going to be enough to break back into the top 4 this year is all I'm saying. Chelsea, City and Arsenal have all strengthened as well, and will all now have had at least one season under their current managers.  And while a lot of people seem to be of the opinion that it will be between United and Liverpool for 4th, I can see Liverpool being a real force again next year. Yes, they've lost Suarez, but they seem to play with such belief, and Rodgers is slowly but surely improving the depth of the squad.   I'm going to say Man United. I just think they've got too much ground to make up at the moment, even though they'll have a much better manager and will continue to spend in the Summer.   Twitter?? You don't even need to leave the comfort of Reddit to wallow in the problems we Brits have in day to day life :D  /r/britishproblems    Thanks, I'd never thought about it that way. But what is it about the physiology of those muscles that allows them to continually work, while others tire?   :D   I know that not all fish need to keep moving in order to prevent suffocation, but that some fish do. For the ones who do - how are they able to swim their entire lives? I realise that fish are perfectly adapted for life in the water, and that they probably use very little energy by swimming, but surely even then their muscles must get fatigued eventually? If I was to leave my house now and walk an infinite distance, I'd get far, but at some point I'd have to stop and rest my muscles. Don't fish have this problem?   Sorry! I just noticed that he'd edited his original post to make it correct, thought we might as well go the whole hog!   Fuck it right in the face!   While we're on the subject, wouldn't it be Henry the Eighth's?    It had the Anne Bol-inn.  The Anne Boleyn Alley.  [Original clip](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grL89zgUb3U)     [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plhcTycP9QE) is a great youtube video about that great night :) Still gives me goosebumps :)   I thought the A in SAS just stood for And.   I went to the Arsenal vs Everton FA Cup match last year and was struck by how quiet they were. You're spot on with your assessment (for that game at least) - the fans were pretty quiet, until they went 3-1 up - then the singing began in earnest.   I can definitely see Liverpool winning a cup, and pushing for the league again. Germany showed in the World Cup that you don't necessarily need one player who is head and shoulders above the rest to compete.   Not a Liverpool fan, but for me, the fact that Liverpool will be playing a lot more games this year than they did last year is a bigger factor than losing Suarez. Didn't Man City end up playing something like 14 games more then Liverpool by the end?  Obviously this is why Rodgers is buying the way he is, for that much-needed depth. If the new signings (including those still to come) click and adapt to the PL, I don't see why Liverpool wouldn't be contenders again.       He was a bad diver in his day but the media only focused on Drogba and Ronaldo.  There are many reasons why I can't stand Steven Gerrard, but the diving issue is number one for me. It's not so much that he dives per se, as unfortunately a lot of players do now. It's the fact that he had the absolute brass neck to spout all this hypocritical, sanctimonious bollocks in his autobiography and newspaper interviews about how diving was ruining the game, and that if he caught his team mates diving he'd 'have a word' etc. Fucking holier than thou arsehole.  I wouldn't actually mind if Liverpool won the league in the near future, they have a lot of likeable players, like Sturridge and Sterling. But I'm desperate for it not to happen while Gerrard is still around. I want him to retire before he gets his hands anywhere near that Premiership trophy.   Ok cheers, don't think it's the game for me then. I prefer longer gameplay with fewer cut scenes. I just feel it ruins the flow   God, really? :( I'll play for another hour or so, but if it keeps up like this I'm throwing in the towel - I just can't enjoy it no matter how much I try!   That's what I was hoping - that the cutscenes are mainly at the start of the game, to set the scene etc.   I've just got my hands on FF XIII, but at the moment I just can't enjoy it, and it's down to one thing only - the ridiculously frequent cutscenes. Is the whole game like this???  I know the whole game is basically a corridor thing, which I don't mind, and I'm enjoying the new battle system. But having a cutscene after literally every 2 fights or something is really breaking up the rhythm of the game, and completely ruining my enjoyment of it (I'm about an hour into the game so far).  Should I just cut my losses on this? If it's going to stay this way all game, I'm chucking it on Ebay tomorrow! Or do the cutscenes get less frequent the longer you play?   I was at a zoo once that had a bird of prey show, and they had a magpie as part of it. One of the things they taught the magpie to do was to pick up a piece of rubbish and put it in the bin. The handler said it only took them twenty minutes to train the magpie to do it!   So is an assist a key pass that's resulted in a goal then?   Genuine question - what's the difference between an assist and a key pass?   Andy Townsend must be loving this transfer. For once he gets to see just how well a new signing plays on a cold Wednesday night in Stoke.   FFS :( :(  Thanks for the info mate :)   I'm a wee bit confused. I remember reading Deila's comments about qualifying, and I thought he mentioned playing 3 rounds, but if we go through tonight, then beat whoever we get next, isn't that us in the group stages? Or is there another round after the next??   The best bit was that the burglar then tried to [press charges](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/2748887.stm) of assault on Ferguson for kicking the shit out of him. Thankfully, this was thrown away by the police/courts.   Nice! Which team did you do it with? And what's the pentagon? Do you mean 5 trophies in one year?   It only took you 4 years to win the Champions League with a Danish team?? That's incredible, well done :) You also happened to win the Champions League with my favourite English team, so thanks for that :D   I'm absolutely terrible at FM, and I'm always amazed when people take teams from the lower leagues to the top league in that country, then on to Champions League glory. But I was just wondering if anyone has won the Champions League with a team from one of the more unfashionable leagues (no offence intended).  The reason I ask is that, if you get a team from the lower leagues into the upper tier in a country like England, Germany or Spain, you then reap the riches from those leagues. But if you're constantly playing in the Finnish league for example, holding on to your best players is infinitely more difficult I would have thought.  Would love to hear about your successes (screenshots would be great too :) )   Do you say the blame is with HMRC because their tax demand meant people didn't want to buy Rangers? And did Murray sell the club just because he wanted to, or was there another reason?   I really appreciate the in-depth answers guys.   Thanks for taking the time to write that mate, very much appreciated :)  So is the blame for administration laid squarely at the feet of Whyte? I've seen some people having a go at David Murray, but again, I don't know why!    Look how stacked Chelsea looked last year? and they did fuck all. They easily should have fought for the league against man city.  And they did. They were contenders right up until the last week, and only missed out by 4 points. Their style of play might not have been too easy on the eye, but the challenge was there regardless.   Yeah, I think that's what made me think he was still a bit of a liability - those moments where he made a really bad decision. But I suppose that's the kind of thing that gets in the papers, not the normal stuff of actually being a good keeper! Reminds me of when De Gea started for United and was getting ripped apart by the press for his shaky start, but now you never hear about him.   Wow, didn't realise Szczesny was so highly rated these days. I don't follow United, but I'm well aware of De Gea's quality!   Good good :)  The ridiculous thing is that I only worry about their defence because, to me, they don't have what I would consider household name defenders (with the exception of Mertesacker probably). But I suppose that means nothing if they're doing the business!   While not an Arsenal fan, I do want them to do well in the league, and I'm well aware of their quality when it comes to attacking, but how would Arsenal fans rate their defenders and keeper (assuming they get Debuchy). How well do they compare with the other top teams in the league? Would you be happy starting the season with what you have, or would you like to see some signings in those areas?   So I shouldn't miss out on any of the challenges as I play the game?   If I play through the game and don't skip any of the missions given to me by the various characters, will that open up all the challenge missions, so that I can get my Legend of the West coat? I know I could check wiki to see how to open the challenges but I'd rather find out organically if possible.   Did Rangers go into administration then liquidation for matters that had nothing to do with the EBTs, or was there some link between them?  I've been trying to follow this whole saga, but over time I have become completely and utterly confused about what happened then (and what's happening now!) :-/   Managers can definitely be sent off, but I'm not sure whether they are actually shown any kind of card, or just told to go to the stands.   I know this is going to be completely unhelpful, but I remember a montage of Lennox Lewis years ago that made my hairs stand up, and it was also my introduction to Hans Zimmer's work (which was what made the montage so good). It's been one of my favourite pieces ever since.  The music they played over that one was [Journey To The Line](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnooGOhLIdM) from the film The Thin Red Line.   I think he means you'd have to replace the goalkeeper with an outfield player if the goalkeeper was sent off.   Will I be able to watch this on IPlayer in London?   Thanks for that :)   After watching last night's penalty shootout, I started to wonder if it's possible for someone to get sent off during it, and what would happen if they did. especially if it was the goalkeeper?  I don't mean the stuff last night was worthy of a red card, but what if the player lost their head and punched the keeper? Would you lose that penalty, or would someone else take it?  And what if the keeper somehow managed to get sent off? Would they let the other keeper go in goals, or would they have to use one of the players, just as they would during the game (if they'd used all their subs).  I realise the chances of this happening are slim to none, but it's been going round my head so wondered if anyone knew for definite.   Ah, it's some post processing magic. Thanks :)   What makes it so stable? When you're in a plane, even on a smooth ride, you can feel the little bumps etc. but this is completely smooth the whole time.   That's a very good point as well, hadn't thought about it like that. I'd imagine that the likes of Sturridge rely much more on service from other players than the likes of Suarez, Ronaldo etc.   A team with Sterling and Sturridge are unlikely to be completely toothless, but it will be interesting to see how well they get on next year.   You'd rate Baros? I know he won the Champions League with you, but wasn't he a bit of a dud overall?   Exactly. Just seeing his name in the team, like Messi or Ronaldo, is probably enough to unsettle some players, whereas the likes of Sturridge or Sterling, while still great players, just don't have that.  Conversely, seeing his name on the teamsheet must have been such a lift for the Liverpool players as well. I wonder if him leaving will have any kind of impact there.  Mind you, they did alright without him at the start of last season if I remember rightly.   Being patriotic and having pride isn't what got you downvoted, its the fact that you're being so precious about something that's nothing more than a bit of light-hearted banter. I honestly can't understand how anyone would read that banner and think it was meant to be taken seriously.   I'm not a Liverpool fan, but I think one of the things Liverpool will miss most when Suarez moves on is the fear factor he carries with him, like Torres did in his day. When Suarez is playing, you just know he's going to cause absolute havoc more or less the entire game, and more often than not pops up with at least one goal.   With him gone, I'd be much less fearful of Liverpool. Don't get me wrong, they're still a fantastic team with brilliant players, and I would expect them to be up there challenging again, but I just think they're going to lose a bit of their aura this year without Suarez, and they wouldn't really have anyone to truly fear anymore.   And more importantly, surely the EU wouldn't allow it? Something like that would restrict his right to work in England, which would be illegal under EU law.   ["I'm gonna get your maaaaask! I'm gonna get your maaaaaaaask! Haha, don't worry buddy, I'm just fuckin with ya" *pats on head*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgfmvXFWsTs)   I don't know if this is just a Glaswegian thing or not, but almost everyone I know (including myself) say Edin-bruh.   I'm not suggesting that's the correct way of saying it obviously, just pointing out a wee difference in dialect :)   Reminds me of this brilliant clip, featuring the legendary [Jimmy Bullard](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_2wTLtHlRE) :D   Haha I sometimes emphasise the t's for even more power :D   Manky is a great wee word. Although I think 'grotty' is even better. That rolled r at the start gives it so much power! :D   Aaaah, the English Riviera! So many great childhood holiday memories :)   This is the main reason I used to get so worked up when I did my first meditations. Thoughts were literally popping into my head every 5 seconds or so, and I was getting frustrated that I couldn't 'think about nothing'.   But then I read a really good book about it all, that said thinking about nothing isn't what you're aiming for, because that's almost impossible to do, seeing as it's one of your brain's main functions. All you're doing is recognising thoughts for what they are as they pass into your mind, and just letting them go. It was definitely a big step in improving my meditations.   I'm not sure how you time your meditations, but I found that timing myself from zero and going upwards helped me immensely. It sounds daft, but if I was to set myself a target of 20 minutes I'd often lose motivation to do it, thinking I'd never get there.  So instead, I started the stopwatch at zero, and just told myself to meditate for however long I felt comfortable - no targets. Within a week I found I was reaching 15 - 20 minutes easily, so it could be worth a try.   That's Kelly Brook, and sadly, also a [morph](http://www.bapwatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/jeans-white-top.jpg) :(   Games can end in a draw in the group stages, but we're now in the knockout stages, so there can be no draws from this point onwards. If the game is a draw after 90 minutes, they play 30 minutes more to see if anyone can score, and if not, they go to a penalty shootout, which is best of 5. If there's no winner after 5 penalties, they keep taking them until there's a winner.   The BBC commentator has just said that USA have travelled over 10,000 miles so far in this World Cup, whereas Belgium have travelled roughly 2,000 miles. Speaking as a UK resident, both those numbers absolutely boggle my mind.  EDIT: Grammar   Or a pokemon.   Thank you :)   I'm not on Twitter - is there a tweet before or after this where he actually apologises? This seems to be an admission of guilt, but that's about it.   I'm pretty sure the comment of 'I believe we will get the ball at some stage' was also said by commentator 1 (Guy Mowbray). So it went like this:  Commentator 1 (Mowbray): USA fans chanting 'I believe that we will win', it has become their battlecry.  Commentator 2 (Mark Lawrenson): Must have been up all night thinking of that one.  Commentator 1 (Mowbray): Should probably change it to 'I believe we will get the ball at some stage'.  Either way, it's a quality bit of dry humour :)   I just started a thread about that very subject! Come join the fun :)  http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/2901gz/should_some_actions_on_the_field_court_etc_be/   God, that's brutal :-/   Yeah sorry, I got a bit muddled in my posting. I was going to just talk about football, but realised that you get incidents like this in other sports, so added that for clarification.   But then I only posted it in r/soccer. :-/   That's what I mentioned in my original post, it's hard to tell sometimes when a tackle is just badly timed, or if it's truly malicious, so I can understand those being let go.  What I don't understand is players getting away with off-the-ball incidents that aren't part of the play, but that would constitute a criminal offence outside the match.   Yeah it's definitely a tricky one to answer. I just find it odd that things like head-butting, biting, punching, kicking etc. are overlooked by the police, when they all constitute assault. Just because it happens on a pitch shouldn't make them exempt from the law. Another example I can think of is when Alan Shearer [kicked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPp0teYYi70feature=kp) Neil Lennon full in the face during a game, and nothing happened.   I made reference to that in my post :)   Thanks for that link mate, wasn't aware of this incident.   I was just wondering what people's thoughts are on this. I've often wondered in the past why people who play sports seem to get away with doing things on the field (or whatever they play on), that would get them arrested if they were to do it in the street. I know that the players often receive fines and bans from their respective ruling organistaions, but is it always enough?  In some cases it's obviously difficult to tell whether there was malicious intent - for example, a really badly timed tackle. But there are other times where it's much more clear cut that someone has overstepped the mark to the point where it could be considered a criminal offence i.e. punching, kicking, biting etc.  An incident I remember well was when Duncan Ferguson was jailed for 3 months for [this] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOk8mZhX0Jk) head butt, after the police on duty at the match charged him for it.  Do you think it's something that should happen? Or should incidents like that be dealt with by the respective organisations, and left at that?  Obviously, I've started this thread in light of the Suarez incident today, but I don't mean this as a witch hunt against him, I do mean this in a general way.     It's why I stopped going.   The post office I used to go to in Leeds had a ticketed number system.   I think it just goes to show that a lot of what someone finds creepy is at least partly to do with the unknown. I personally don't find this picture even slightly creepy, but it might be because there are lots of little villages where I live (England) that have churches very similar to this, so it's not that unusual to see.   In fact, my friend got married in one that looks almost identical.   I was thinking of starting a cinema meetup, but my organisational skills are awful, so I'm glad someone else has started one :D  Definitely keen :)   Thanks, I found a similar one on Amazon.co.uk. Still unsure as to whether or not it'll work for a PS3. Some of the comments suggest it does, others suggest it doesn't. But it's only a fiver, might as well give it a go!   Nope, none. I think it can be done, it's just a very expensive process. Having a cable isn't enough, you need an actual converter to turn the digital HDMI/DVI signal into an analog VGA signal (I think!). I'm just struggling to find the required component!   Hi guys,  I recently bought a PS3, and my plan is to use it through my PC monitor, as I have no television. I know nothing about all the different ports etc. that you get, but after doing some digging, I've found out that my monitor only has a VGA connection, and the HDMI cable I have for the PS3 is a HDMI-DVI one.  From the further reading I did, it seems that I need an actual converter that will turn my DVI signal into a VGA one. But I'm having trouble finding the required converter. I know they aren't cheap, but if someone could point me in the right direction of one, I'd be very grateful. Then I can make the decision on whether or not to get one.  I am going to upgrade my monitor at some point, but I want a 27 inch screen, so I need to save up a bit more. This would tide me over till then.  (The reason I mentioned that I'm in the UK is incase people were going to link to products).  Thanks so much.   I had a right old chortle at this tweet shown on the BBC website:  *With Fred and Bernard on the pitch, Brazil are now just a Pat, Don and Len away from recreating the famous 1954 Cleckheaton cloth cap pigeon fanciers, West Yorkshire 5-a-side champions.*   Exactly. Their silence is speaking volumes in this case.   I don't like that he's said that after the result of the ruling the 'matter will be closed'. Surely if the voting is found to be corrupt, the matter should be anything BUT closed, and the whole vote should be carried out again.  Sounds like he's already made his mind up as to the outcome of this. Unless I'm reading too much into what he said.   [The full clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTG-HP9eT4w)  Not great quality though, sorry   This would be a great signing. Would certainly help to quell my fears about big Fraser leaving, if that were to happen.   Celtic released Shay Given after spending 3 years in the youth team.   Absolutely. Watching gifs/vids where the guy's cock is essentially just going in and out of a woman's mouth does nothing for me. But as soon as the woman starts to do this and actually suck on it, especially on the tip, that all changes! :)   Reminds me of [Ben Folds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-l-c3rTlnE) doing a kind of lounge version of Bitches Ain't Shit :)   I can't tell if this is serious or not! But just in case it is, there's no 'probably killed' in this instance. Estimates are that about 1,000 workers have already died building the stadiums, and that number could rise to 4,000 by the time the WC rolls around.   Christ, his through balls are weighted fucking perfectly.      [Here is Wikipedia's take on the rumours](http://i.imgur.com/exdmi46.jpg)    Apologies if this has been posted already but did a search and couldnt find it. A friend sent me this link of a funny wee song about England's flight to Brazil :) 1m 18s is the highlight for me :D      Good idea :)  [This](http://i.imgur.com/lHXjimx.jpg) is a map showing a 100 mile radius from (top to bottom) Newcastle, Manchester, Norwich, London and Southampton. If you include Swansea, it looks like [this](http://i.imgur.com/9jjbC4D.jpg).  So it does appear that the only region that isn't within 100 miles of an English team playing in the Premier League is the SW. Although this is of course as the crow flies. Travelling from the SW of England to Swansea would require you drive around, making it a much bigger distance. Unless there are any ferries that travel across to Wales from the SW, I have no idea!   Whether or not you think this sanctimonious ballsack of a man is actually visually impaired depends on whether or not you believe his reasoning for wearing sunglasses all the time, which he explained in a Rolling Stone interview.  *[I have] very sensitive eyes to light. If somebody takes my photograph, I will see the flash for the rest of the day. My right eye swells up. I've a blockage there, so that my eyes go red a lot. So it's part vanity, it's part privacy and part sensitivity*   Almost, but not quite! I used [this](http://www.freemaptools.com/radius-around-point.htm) tool online, and put a 100 mile radius around some of the major cities where premier league clubs play around the country (Newcastle, Manchester, Birmingham, Norwich, London, Southampton) and it did more or less cover the whole country, with the exception of the South West. Putting a 100 mile radius around Swansea does cover a lot of that region, but obviously Swansea is in Wales, not England.  I tried to save the completed map and post it here but it wouldn't let me :(   Shit! Did you see that?!  	183
 I worked as a swimmers aid, both the lifeguards had a thing for either my mom or me (so I guess i've technically had two). The older guy (about two hundred pounds of "doughy" skin (his words, not mine)), once invited my mom to come "put on her little bikini" and join him at open swim.    The other lifeguard would either hit on me and ask if I wanted to leave and go bar hopping with him, or (later) ask for pics of my older sister.   I was in middle school. He was 19.    Yeah.  Edit; forgot to mention, when my dad was deployed to Iraq, the older guy (doughy) decided it would be a good time to tell me his stories about 'nam, and how he witnessed one guy get torn to bits by a crashing helicopter. Apparently it started raining chunks of flesh. My dad flew helicopters .-.   I agree, seeing it work to at least some degree is really encouraging. It's a really good concept :] just doesn't always work on the mass scale    They're neither actually true socialist, the Nordic model has actually received criticism for being both too socialist, and too capitalist. They operate on a sort of hybrid of the two, sort of a middle ground.   Rochester.    Just kidding. If a city could be bipolar, Rochester would be the poster child.  	4
 Small pieces of egg shells worked really great for me!   Thanks!   Thanks, that sort of makes sense  So, if it happened on a shallow boundary or on the surface on a transform fault it would be just as destructive?   What makes the atomic bomb so much more destructive even though it releases less energy? Is it because seismic waves don't travel as fast as the atomic bomb "waves"?  Is it because the area of initial impact is smaller?     lol.   not for me...   "Nothing requires your attention right now..."         Thank you.  I've read that vaccines could be administered through the tail as well; its just as effective and is easier to amputate in case something develops.  I'm bringing the cat back to the vet tomorrow because the swelling and the pain haven't disappeared.      Yes.   	9
 I'm on Zoloft - or the British equivalent sertraline - and I think it's helping. I need to start therapy but I think it is helping. I'm much less self-destructive now :)  Be prepared for the initial side effects though (as with all antidepressants) and go back to your doctor if you think it's not for you.   Good luck!! I wish you the best!  	1
 Just thank you. No questions.   It's called "physiological" antagonism in pharmacodynamics, if I remember correct. It implies indirect effect over different receptor, not direct interaction on same receptor.  	2
 I love cooking spaghetti alla carbonara and stir fry!!  I went to Florence and Rome. We stayed in Florence for 3 nights and Rome for 1, both were amazing :)   Hello, Elijah Wood!! This will probably get buried, but I'm curious. How often do people ask about your eyes?    Hmmm, it's hard to say. I would say, a toss up between Metal Gear Solid 3 and Beyond Good  Evil. And Silent Hill 2.   I missed a day and have to catch up, so I'm here on a day no one is around. I brought my tablet because I was supposed to skype with a friend while I worked, but they are not online and I'm bored.  Uhh, I guess some more stuff so I seem interesting... I went to Europe in March, I love Harry Potter, the building I'm in is tall, I'm near the top, and it's windy, so there are a lot of ominous creaking noises... I liked a pizza I had in England better than one I had in Italy, but they were all delicious. I like video games, cooking, and penguins.      Quick ?, should I/can I mark this as solved?   Cool, thank you :) I've never seen one before. It looked like it had a skull on its head. My friend said it was obviously a fly that had evolved.         If you know where this is, please let me know. I accidentally hit the back button on my mouse before I could actually play this round. :( This is just where I was placed, right next to a dude in a panda suit.      I was placed in the middle of a field with absolutely 0 ways to tell where I was. There was a field of wheat next to me, and all other sides had trees. I can't remember where I was anymore exactly, but I randomly guessed South Dakota but I was somewhere in Europe.  It's frustrating but interesting!!   My SV: I hit 40 pounds lost yesterday!!!! Only FIFTEEN more to go!!!   My NSV: I had stopped weighing myself because I was becoming obsessive. I was convinced I had gained weight, until I tried to put on a bra I hadn't worn since January. It was so huge on me, I was convinced my friend (who has always had much larger breasts than me) had left her identical bra at my house. It wasn't even in the "well this is a bit big but I can wear it around the house at least." After checking the sizes of the bras I had been wearing I realized I went down from a 38DD to a 36C!! How do you even miss that?   I learned this the hard way on my counters. I was so excited that I had finally gotten that stain out for about two seconds before I realized what had happened.   I've been going to therapy since I was in 4th or 5th grade. I saw the same one from the beginning until I was about 17, and I know I made little to no progress with her. I didn't want to see a therapist. I was forced to go by my mother.   After I stopped seeing my first therapist, there was a while where I didn't see anyone. Then I saw a few different ones, one I saw for two years, I did a few group therapies, but I never took anything away from it, not really. A DBT group therapy helped a bit, but it was a therapy I actually wanted to go to. It was short term, unfortunately.  Besides the DBT group, which was more of a class than therapy, I never was wholly honest with any of them. I avoided topics that would upset me, I would spend the whole time just talking about whatever. I talked to them like I was just having a conversation with my friend. And they always let me. I was with my last therapist, who I thought I liked, when I had a revelation. *I'm giving this guy money to have a conversation with me.*  I stopped seeing him, and was without a therapist for a long time. I had started seeing a psychiatrist and I thought, I'm taking my meds. I don't even need a therapist! But my psychiatrist urged me to get one, so finally, after months, I got the energy to find someone to work with through my insurance.   The first session was okay. I tried to tell him a sort of condensed version of my life story, but I got sidetracked after mentioning Harry Potter, and spent the whole rest of the time talking about how much I love Harry Potter. Not real therapeutic, as I'm willing to tell anyone who will listen about how much I love Harry Potter, but he said he usually just lets the client talk about anything they want on the first session since they can be very anxiety-inducing.  The second session, well. It started off okay, got bad, and then worse and better at the same time. I started off like how I went through every therapy session in the past. Casual conversation. I don't even remember what I was talking about, but after ten minutes, he held up a hand. He said he didn't think he could work with me. He had no idea how to help me. I jumped from subject to subject and he couldn't keep up, and he didn't think we would be able to work together.  I didn't know what to do. I had been dumped by my therapist ten minutes into our second session. And finding him had taken so much work for me. It takes so much energy for me to make appointments as an established client, and it takes ten times as much to have to find someone and hope they'll take me. It had taken months to find the energy to find this guy, and the prospect of having to do it all again was looming over me.  I just started crying. Slowly at first until I was a huge mess. This is kind of a big deal because I do not like crying in front of people. I barely cried at my own father's funeral, because there were people around.  I started babbling about things, and he says, "This is something we can work with."  I learned that therapy is hard. I've been going to therapists for over half my life, but it wasn't until that day that I learned what therapy was actually supposed to be about. I finally found a therapist who isn't going to let me bullshit my way through my sessions. I feel like he actually cares about me getting better.   I'm still depressed right now. I struggle in my daily life, and even when I'm not feeling sad or worthless, I still feel hopeless. Like I'm never going to get better, this isn't going to go away, what's the point of continuing to be a burden on my whole family? And I'm still not entirely full of hope, but I feel like, at this point, I could one day be a little more hopeful that I won't have to live every day in this dark pit of depression.  I'm going to continue to see this therapist, and I'm going to try and actually deal with my issues. I'm so tired of feeling like this all the time.  I think I'm ready to learn how to be happy.   Put me in a room full of balloons, with various objects that could potentially pop them, and turn a fan on.  I would confess to anything so fast.   Well, if it's friendly, then definitely the shark.   I don't know that much about alligators, but what sort of shark are we going to be swimming with? I think alligators are more vicious, as long as you aren't bleeding/the shark isn't hungry. Plus, aren't alligators the ones who drag you underwater, then sit on you until you drown?  I'd rather swim with sharks, I think.      I did get that email! Thank you so much!!   Just a quick FYI, I never received an email. Not sure if it's important or not, thought I would let you know.      You have more than made up for it, honestly. I was hoping for just someone to tell me what to do with the spare jacket before I left!! This is one thing I don't have to stress over anymore, and it was causing me a lot because if they sent me a new one while I was out of town, no one would be here to get it, and it would be sitting on my doorstep for a week. Also, finding a jacket that is within budget and still warm enough was going to be not fun at all, but I can already tell from the jacket I got that this will keep me way warm and way happy. You are amazing. Thank you SO MUCH.   Oh my god I'm actually crying a little. I was going to go out and buy a new jacket tomorrow for the trip, but with two day shipping it will get here in time. This is more than I could have asked for, thank you so much. This is amazing.   Yes. Thank you. This helps me a lot. I've been very stressed because I'm trying to do too many things with too little time, so I may have freaked out a little more than necessary. I honestly didn't even notice it was the weekend at this point. Do you happen to know if I have to send the incorrect item back, and how it will be done if I do? Sorry to bother you with more questions.   I'm going out of town on Wednesday, and I have a lot of stuff to do between now and then, I don't really have time to sit around waiting for them to update Twitter...   I'm concerned because my friend emailed them months before the kickstarter even began, and never got a response. Recently, other people I've talked to haven't gotten responses in up to a month. :/  I still haven't found anyone who got the correct item in the end, either, which is kind of making me nervous.   I read that. I sent an email. I don't see anything that refers to tickets except in text, so I assumed they meant to send an email.  It doesn't answer my questions, though. Lack of information suggests that I would not have to pay shipping or return the incorrect item, but I also can't find anyone who got the wrong item and was able to get the correct item sent to them, everyone I talked to said their emails were never responded to, either.   EDIT: PROBLEM VERY SOLVED, THANK YOU SO MUCH RACHELPUMPKIN!!!!  *********  I ordered a medium Breath zipper hoodie and got an extra large. I'm pretty peeved because my family doesn't really have $50 to be throwing around, but my mom was awesome enough to buy it for me.  I tried to send an email to What Pumpkin, but they never responded. It has been nearly a week and I sent 4 emails*, I tried contacting someone via twitter, I emailed someone involved with WP directly... I'm about to send another email through the WP website because I want to include an attached picture of the tag  the paper that confirmed that I bought a medium that came with it.  So basically, I'm looking for someone who had a similar problem but was able to get it resolved, because I have some questions.  1. How did you contact What Pumpkin to let them know of the problem? 2. How long did it take them to respond? 3. How long did it take to get the correct item? 4. Did you have to send the wrong item back? If so, did you have to pay shipping on it?  I'm asking about returning it because I have a friend who said he'd take the big one if I got to keep it, and he lives very far away. I just happen to be going to see him next week, so I could give it to him in person instead of paying shipping to him.  And for shipping, I don't feel like I should have to pay more money for them to fix their mistake. I already have to buy a new jacket.  Thanks for any information.  *I wouldn't have sent so many emails, but I kept screwing up the information and having to send an email with the correct information, thinking that the information I supplied didn't match the information with the order was the reason for a lack of response.   ohhh so that's what cockles are, i had no idea either. i also had no idea what those particular shaped clams were called, i just called them clams. now i know.   That's all I remember. I watched it when I was very little. I remember it taking forever for the monster to come out and that I was very annoyed that it took so long. It could have been long to a child but not to an adult, my memory could be exaggerating the length, too.  I thought it was Creature from the Black Lagoon but I don't think so anymore.   This is really strange and I have no idea how to google it. What I've tried has given me people with similar, but not quite the same, problems.  Basically, there's a high-pitched buzzing/humming (?) noise coming from the left built in speaker of my monitor. The weird thing is that it changes depending on what is displayed on my monitor. Different tabs of Chrome or skype message windows, they all give slightly different buzzing sounds. They are all fairly high pitched, some louder than others, some lower pitched, but they are all driving me crazy. I tried disabling the speakers from the device manager with no change. I turned them down all the way. I disabled them from the sound properties.  My monitor is an HP w2207h. I use Windows Vista 32-bit. I'm unsure of my computer's technical specs... It's an HP Pavilion Slimline. It has 3 gb of ram and the graphics card is NVIDIA GeForce 210.   It also has a weird problem where the left side of the letters (worse near the top of the screen) are slightly fuzzy and... wiggly? Is the best I can describe it. Like static on one side. Unsure if it's related, it happened for a long time a while ago, then stopped for a very long time (year or more) and recently started again (as in a day or two ago). It's annoying too, so I'd like to fix that.  Oh, and restarting doesn't help anything.  Thank you so much for any help you can offer!!   Definitely not. The sword was either just a normal broadsword or a katana or really anything slimmer than what Cloud used. Thank you, though.   I bought one from a local comic con, but I rarely wear it because it doesn't have a clasp or anything. It came loosely tied, and I tried to make a sliding knot but it's pretty poorly done. I'm curious if yours is the same?  	34
 I was thinking about vintage rotisserie draft and a reasonable way to play it, Cockatrice seems perfect. For those who don't know what VDR is check it out! [link](http://archive.wizards.com/Magic/magazine/article.aspx?x=mtg/daily/feature/114). Would anyone be interested? This is a super huge time investment, dropping from it would be a huge detriment to the group. It would likely take all day.   I was thinking about vintage rotisserie draft and a reasonable way to play it, Cockatrice seems perfect. For those who don't know what VDR is check it out! [link!](http://archive.wizards.com/Magic/magazine/article.aspx?x=mtg/daily/feature/114). Would anyone be interested? This is a super huge time investment, dropping from it would be a huge detriment to the group. It would likely take all day.    Pox. He is kinda a dick.   So, I enjoy being a huge jerk, and I think winning is best done with my opponents frowning. This is a Zur-Stasis list I have been fooling around with over the last couple of days. I know it is missing vanishing, I just don't think it does enough, I am probably wrong. Sundial is there for janky desolation, smokestacks synergy. Chornatog is there for janky stasis lock. Any tweaks and suggestions would be great! Thanks!  [The List](http://deckstats.net/deck-3763446-95ac98ed43819bcdb61bb4fe3a7eb2d8.html)   	4
    She gets this certain tone of voice when she's trying to be cute and it's absolutely adorable. Works on me 100% of the time    Thank you so much! I ended up getting Tarte Amazon Clay foundation, Smashbox primer, and NYX matte setting spray! I hope it looks nice, I'll be testing it tomorrow to see what it looks like throughout the day    I ended up getting Tarte foundation with Smashbox primer and NYX matte setting spray! Got rice papers just in case, but i think there won't be a speck of shine on my face with all that!   As the title says, im looking for a good Prom foundation. Skin tone: Not exactly sure, but im very pale, i would say slighty pink undertones but thats an honest guess  Skin type: very oily and acne prone.  Why?: Need a good coverage, long lasting, foundation thatll keep my not shiny in pictures OR real life  Context: I normally use Revlon Photo Ready BB cream, or Bare Minerals in the lightest color, both look great in the morning at 7 am, but by 11 im super shiny and uncomfortable. i want something that i can put on, and not worry ( or worry very little) from 6pm to 5 am,  Budget: Really any, my mother is paying, but i am going to ulta to shop so anything that would be in stock there or a drugstore would be preferable  Makeup Experience: Moderate experience, im doing my own makeup for prom, but its not anything crazy hard. i would say i learn very quickly so i can take any advice and do my best with it  Special considerations: Going to ulta this evening, i need it by Saturday ( so i cant order anything online) Thanks guys!   As the title says, im looking for a good Prom foundation.   Skin tone: Not exactly sure, but im very pale, i would say slighty pink undertones but thats an honest guess  Skin type: very oily and acne prone.   Why?: Need a good coverage, long lasting, foundation thatll keep my not shiny in pictures OR real life  Context: I normally use Revlon Photo Ready BB cream, or Bare Minerals in the lightest color, both look great in the morning at 7 am, but by 11 im super shiny and uncomfortable. i want something that i can put on, and not worry ( or worry very little) from 6pm to 5 am,   Budget: Really any, my mother is paying, but i am going to ulta to shop so anything that would be in stock there or a drugstore would be preferable  Makeup Experience: Moderate experience, im doing my own makeup for prom, but its not anything crazy hard. i would say i  learn very quickly so i can take any advice and do my best with it Special considerations: Going to ulta this evening, i need it by Saturday ( so i cant order anything online)  Thanks guys!   There's a form!? I'll look for it and  edit my post right now!   TIYBOB   This just so happens to be my 200th comment so yay me!   I am in love with the super purple one. I am in desperate  need of a color like that! I love that there has been so many give aways on this sub!    I really like it! I'm not sure if it has as much coverage as I'd like but when I'm not completely covered in blemishes I really like how light it is!   I just tested it and realized there's glitter!? What the heck? I bought the bb cream so maybe I'll return it after i put it ok with a full face. Any suggestions of alternative foundations?   NYX Jumbo Eye Pencil in Milk  Eco Tools starter brush set and mineral powder set  Revlon Photo Ready Airbrush foundation in vanilla, BB cream in fair, and Concealer in fair  NYX Butter lipstick in Mary Jane and Little Susie       I love the little heart tattoo!   Thank you! I love it!   Oh stahp :) I'll try to follow the rules next time    That makes total sense! thanks for telling me! It won't happen again, :)   I'm sorry! I'm a mobile only user so I cannot see any of the rules . I had no idea. My previous post was hidden for for questions if it had a subjects name in it, so I thought it'd submit something else, I did not realize it was a violation. Thank you for notifying me though. May i ask why that's a rule in this sub?   Better than what I could ever do! Thank you so much!   This is hilarious! Thank you so much!!   Adorable! Thank you!   This is precious!  Thank you so much!      No, it's not a name of one of the subjects, it's the association that held the event where we took the picture       143   I have bare minerals mineral veil, does that count? Should I bring a powder in my purse to reapply periodically throughout the day?   Face washes, moisturizers,  or any makeup would help. My face gets super shiny around 11am (only a couple of hours after I put my makeup on). And I want to find a product that can prevent that.   Edit: I'm oily and acne prone if that helps    My mother had this and I once put it on my lips and wore it around the house because I thought it was some cool shade of lipstick!      Sleep paralysis    Hit it and quit it. That's the best way to get experience    I'm also 15, and currently in a long term relationship with a woman. I guess you could say I found my girlfriend by pure luck, but I think letting your sexuality be known (though scary) will help attract interested people. I completely understand what you mean by practice. I think young love is something you need to experience. Just because it's "young love" doesn't make the feelings any less valid. A ton of people are being condescending on this thread, and I think it's completely unhelpful. Go out and get to know the other lesbians at you school (if any) make friendship, and see where those lead you! Good luck!    I loose weight dramatically when I regularly smoke weed. I was about 125-130 when I was smoking a few times a week, but now that I've stopped completely I'm more like 150. I don't know why, but it's still a dramatic shift in weight    My SO has PTSD towards all types drugs, (though it's mostly marijuana) and so whenever I mention or insinuate anything that has to do with drugs she gets really incredibly upset. (Needless to say I've stopped my drug habit)   I'm almost sure it isn't an infection, because both me and my girlfriend are clean. "Diaper Rash" as silly as it sounds could definitely be it.    Could you explain why? I don't really think it's something that needs to be taken to a doctor    Obviously the fax machine       I'd have to disagree, I guess it depends where you're from and what lesbians you've met. It's very hard to tell where I'm from, people around here don't treat it as something special,    Bay City is present!    My teacher was like 60 too,  I literally stealing from the elderly    I stole money from my teacher for a gram. Probably the most shameful thing I've done    Story of my life             Now that's pure Michigan    This is an amazing setlist, I wish far too young to die was on it but I'm so excited to see nearly witches and nicotine. Can't wait to see them on the 26th   I though Matt and Kim 2013 was amazing, I've never had more fun in a crowd, but The Postal Service set was on a whole other level  of astounding   	49
 I've seen similar things on Huffpost Black Voices and it makes me pretty angry. For one things it implies that there's something inherently wrong with femininity and masculinity is always the standard to be upheld.   There's been accusations that these shows are white people's attempt to destroy the black family. As a queer identifying black women, I have to ignore the identity erasure. Ah, the beauty of intersectionality.  Edit:spelling   If so, then why have religious groups been successful in using their influence to ban people from things that violate their religious beliefs?   What type of thyroid problem? Biology nerd so I'm interested.    Yes I agree hypo-thyroidism can cause weight gain in some, my sorority sister put on about 10-15 lbs before she was treated.    Reading this thread before going to my lab job was a terrible idea. I'm now afraid to touch everything.   Your post is super interesting. What's PEG? And is the 2-photon microscope normally safe for live specimens?   You could make a laboratory safety cartoon with Gaston and Gallant, instead of Goofus and Gallant.   Did you end up with any injury to your legs? That's my worst fear every time I handle sulfuric acid at work.   When I was an undergrad I had to use rubber tubing and pipette tip to suck the sperm out of zebra fish.    Are you aware you posted this like six times?  Edit: Found 4 more   I saw someone blame their obesity on an overactive thyroid. Yeah well, that's not how any of this works.   Exactly. Freedom of religion should include freedom *from* it.   Don't feel bad about your questions. I have the same worry as a black applicant.   Do you guys have general guidelines for how much of each item you put on? Like sometimes my bowl will be heaped with cheese and beans, other days not so much.    Those richerds!   Sooo, how do you think the dating scene would be for a queer black woman?   This times 1000. Exactly the place I'm in. Sometimes for the sake of loneliness I'll go out with someone white, but come back disappointed because it's not the same.    Seriously, how does a sticker on a hat affect your life?   Source?   My mom is Black and has been to numerous Asian countries and loved it. You'll be fine. Listen to other black people.   Weird I've spent 3 summers there and never had a negative interaction...   Shut up. Race has nothing to do with this cute video.   Sweat  Stop tasting the children   Which GI diseases?   I'd say Bay area, Houston, Dallas and East Coast like DC or Alexandria VA. I'm in Iowa and it's surely not here lol.   True, early today I was thinking to myself that the racism I've been dealing with on campus is hurtful and it doesn't make me weak to admit it. It's emotionally tiring.   Hey hey hey, I'm 23 and a grad student in Iowa! Currently in the struggle of applying to physician assistant school.    I'm now on Zoloft after being on Lexapro and Prozac previously. Prozac gave me restless leg like symptoms and dilated pupils. I had a bad reaction to Lexapro. Zoloft however, has been awesome. I'd go as far to say it saved my life and my grades. I don't feel so mentally weighed down that I think about suicide constantly like before. I can focus more on the day than my feelings. Worst side effects so far is crazy dreams and having a hard time getting up in the mornings. Fair trade.   As a gay black person I am indeed a fairy.   Let's be honest, if Redditors had fairy god parents a lot of weird shit would go down.   With egg?   You must have missed that thread were a lady got broken eye socket for shushing 2 black girls in a movie theater. Some of the most racist shit I've seen out of Reddit.  edit:Someone linked it below   You're aunt and cousins count as a lot of black people?   The next big thing will be shoulder giraffe.   Long horse held by long pig.   More scales and more people.   I read this in a gay voice.   Wow, you started with 75? Like no prior experience at all? That's awesome. I'm just starting to get into it.   Me too. Thanks God for the internet or else I would suspect I was the only one.   Approximately 22 years old.  Huh, he doesn't look anywhere near that old.      I do something similar, I would love to know the science/psychology behind this^We're ^crazy!   More! *waits patiently*    It's like saying something is "on point". Like, really good. Naw mean?   Or it will be mailed to your front door step.   A dominatrix business run by Super Saiyans.   What does this mean?   Oh gotcha.   accidentally several dicks  You forgot something in that sentence?   I need another hit of House of Cards.   Great explanation.   If that doesn't work back away slowly and pretend to be dead   Putting narcissistic pictures on the back of your car isn't black culture...   Please show me the statistical evidence showing a positive correlation between increased melanin production and criminal activity.    Can we be unicorns together?   Minority status isn't about sheer numbers of your population. Do some research.   Do you really thing your accomplishments are better than this kid's? I've seen people with these stats at state schools, that aren't Asian.   How did Adderall change things for you? I've always been curious about the effect, and wondered if I should have taken it.   Your story gives me hope:)   How quick are conditioning gains in your opinion?   Any tips for good running form?    Bravo.   Haha that sounds really cute actually.   How do you manage to get a tick between you buttcheeks? I can only imagine you were taking a squat in a forest or something.   So is he moving people or things? I'm confused.   What made you stay for the whole summer even? I would have called appropriate services to help the pets and got tf out.   Do you feel like Tampa is a queer friendly place? I've considered moving there after college and loved it as a kid   Congrats on your new baby and I hope your wife recovers quickly.   Some people need to make small talk, I guess.   A cat burglar, if you will   Nope Mr. Krabs   Ain't nuttin' to fuck with!   Even if this incredibly stupid idea came to fruition, how would they prove someone is "sexually active"?    As a gay Black person, both these sentiments make me uncomfortable. Gotta love intersectionality.  edit:spelling    Oh, my bad.   What's the best thing about it? I've been thinking about getting it.   Thanks for visual.   Right handed oppressor! /s   Why are guns difficult for a leftie? I'm a leftie and never shot a gun before.   You forgot the vagisil   Me too, I was like I drive this to work everyday lol   What type of conditioner do you use?   both heredity and learned  I think you mean hereditary.  Heredity is based on the genes and associated alleles you received from you parents. Epigenetics and environmental factors influence this as well. And fine motor skills is located in the same place in every normal person's brain.  Source: Biology grad student   Someone is actually using critical thinking in this thread.   mentally more feminine  Can you explain what this means or feels like? I'm always unsure whenever I hear someone say they felt like a woman "mentally"   What advice would you give her if she felt that way about you?   No tears, only Biden now.    Every family has one.    Me too :'(   Well jeez. Tell it like it is, I guess.   Can you ELI5 what a revocable trust is?   Is it costly to close an estate? I've mentioned it elsewhere in the thread but I'll be responsible for my parents' estate and as an only child I doubt my ability to handle it alone.   Is closing someone's estate costly? I'll probably be responsible for my parents' and I'm terrified of having to handle it alone.   It's not?   Your point would be a little more interesting if you could find statistics on what percentage of black people have committed violent crime vs what percentage of white people have committed violent crimes. And I mean relative to their population number not crimes itself.   What exactly is black culture to you?   Not funny.   I have decent sized boobs but I'm worried about the stretch marks that came with.   Lupus?   I often wonder why nice people seem so nice and what they're actually after. This probably makes me sound paranoid.   The thicker the better I always say. Like a milkshake lol.   Pretty brown almond shaped eyes. My friends wanna put blush on my high cheekbones but ain't nobody got time for that.   You're gorgeous hun!   I'm in the process of applying for jobs for this summer and there is pretty much always "optional" questions asking for race, ethnicity, and gender  identification. Back in high school I experienced a "processing error" every time I checked black. So I decided to experiment and click white. Received a smiley face and was told my application had been submitted.  Now as a college grad I'm unsure if I should check the black box, prefer not to answer, or straight up lie.    I heard these questions are used simply for statistical purposes or for affirmative action or to filter out POC from the applicant pool. What do you ladies do in situations like these?  	104
 Wow!   Maybe 70%.   I thought it was better than all of WWE, with the Miz and Ambrose the exceptions.   Let's see. I was impressed by Jason Jordan's move set. Perfect for the brand of champions that WWE Creative usually goes for.   I get what you mean by you feeling that NXT superstars feel like your "children." I really want Bo Dallas to do well, just like most preceding him (The Shield and The Wyatts).   Not sure about Enzo  Cass.   Agree that Tyson Kidd is better as a heel. But I doubt if he'll be effective in the main roster.   About the Ascension vs. Luke Harper/Eric Rowan feud - that's what the guys at Ring Rust Radio are predicting too.   I think it's not just the timing of the move - they need to be given good roles/storylines.   I've been really impressed with Sami Zayn and Tyler Breeze (more than Adrian Neville). Plus, I love the Vaudevillians gimmick. All of them, plus The Ascension, should be on the main roster, right? Plus, I watched Jason Jordan in this week's NXT episode and even be looked good enough to get into the main roster. What do you all think?   Oh, thank you for the clarification!     	12
 Horrible caption.   That's actually terrifying    Where can you purchase these?   I'm just Ass.Treasure  	4
 Well done OP. They're healing good! Keep going. Speaking for most people here; we're proud of you, 1 year is amazing!     Happy birthday 🎂    I've never really liked being a mage, but that does sound tempting :p   *disappears at the thought of outdoors*   God fucking damn it, Jesus!    Seconding this.   I've only played through as 1H/Shield, and two handed. I've been meaning to play through as an archer for a while now. It seems like it would be pretty fun!       Congrats  Keep going! ^-^   *ugh*    The first step is always admitting you need a little help. Remember to take care of the wounds x   Agreeing with what the others have been saying. Please don't let this become a thing for you. It's extremely addictive and can soon take over   It went fine, tattoo got done :) not over the red ones though. As long as they're faded/white you should be alright    Congrats on the 127 days, that's awesome OP :3   	14
 Durrr...durrr, "this is why you're forever alone".   Fuck off, you invalid.   MUH...MUH SOGGY KNEES!   Ya gotta be attractive yourself!   Rule no. 1, mang!   It's slowly coming this way!   Gonna take some text from a older post of mine to give some back story to my interactions with a particular girl:  "Hey guys. I'm a bit new to this whole relationship-with-another-sex biz, being as I've had quite a bit of trouble with girls/women in the past and that I've never had a girlfriend/kissed/had sex/all that good intimate relationship stuff, so bear with me if I sound a bit naive or dickheaded as I'm pretty much running on a teenager's understanding of relationships. So, the story goes that I met this girl at a party where I was quite drunk. I found her quite attractive and so mustered all the liquored-up courage I could find to talk to her. We got on pretty well and I ended up getting her phone number. I asked her on a date ( I'm pretty sure it was one) a week or so later, and when the time came, I met her and I had a pretty good time. After that, I asked her out again to which she said yes. However this second time she didn't respond to the plans I made for whatever reason ( which I was cool with) and we didn't go out. We still texted however, with her almost always being the one to initiate conversation, as I was too terrified of appearing annoying and/or needy. After some time, we agreed on seeing each other again and this time actually did. It went well again ( I think), except this time I didn't press for another meeting. Again more sporadic texting continued( I'm not so good at maintaining constant contact) with her one day hinting at ( well, not really hinting, she pretty much said, " Let's meet up again.") meeting again. I agreed, we made plans, but we both forgot to follow through. Fast-forward to this week where I asked her out to dinner and she agreed ( as usual). After this she asked me whether or not we were going on a 'date' to which I replied that I don't mind whether it is or not. She decided that we should probably keep it casual, I agreed. I should probably mention that during this whole time communicating with her her I've been trying hard to balance the teenage urges of wanting to finally get my first-kiss/lose my virginity/have a girlfriend and my more realistic attitudes on the fact that she might not want to date me and that her friendship holds just as much value as a possible intimate relationship. So, I'm left wondering whether I should deal with these urges to get a girlfriend by pushing for a more intimate relationship but risk ruining a perfectly good chance at a friendship, or whether I should play it safe but retain a possible deep-seated pining for her to view me as more than a friend that may lead me to becoming resentful and bitter.   TL;DR: I've been communicating with a girl and have developed a fondness for her but don't know whether I should harness this fondness and channel it into making a lasting friendship with her, or whether I should push for intimacy ( which I am severely lacking in my life)."  In addition to the above previous events, I decided a couple of weeks ago to invite this girl over for a movie marathon. She accepted and we set a date. Today I rang her to figure out when she was coming down tomorrow and she had no clue what I was talking about, asking, " What's happening tomorrow?" She insisted that she did want to come down, but had sprained her ankle and might not be able to.   I've been noticing that it's been me initiating contact more often than not, and I really don't want to pursue this girl if she's acting with some kind of pity/discomfort towards me.  Sorry for the long post. What should I do?  Thanks in advance.     Go, g-get outta here. I don't even like ya! ^^^^^Please ^^^^^don't ^^^^^leave ^^^^^;-;   Maybe.   I guess we'll never really know how it turned out unless they do some kind of follow-up video.   Well, he did kiss that last one. I'd imagine that's a pretty positive reaction from that girl.   Not really an argument against, though. If he looks like a monster yet still is able to pick up women, it's still a blow to one of the most common beliefs here: that looks dictate everything in a relationship.      Yeah. Norwegian is related to English but Finnish is from an entirely different language family.   Through Skype/ any other VOIP program ( teamspeak, mumble, etc) or through text.   *Drrrr...drrrrrr...drrrrrr*      Was that thing about condoms for raping players a serious suggestion? I really hope not. You should take a moment or ten to think about the consequences of this if it was serious.  Nah, it wasn't serious,haha. Just couldn't think of any more uses for gut.   Requiring too many steps to get from bear to sleeping bag could get tedious.  Although I hope they would include more complexity, it's more realistic to think that if they did implement things like this, they'd probably be put in as quite simple, requiring maybe a single specialised workbench/item to turn say gut into string and hide into leather instead of a fully in-depth process.   Still, I think it'd be awesome if they added in a complex method of obtaining certain crafting mats.   Dunno. From your post history you don't seem to be doing anything wrong. Hell, I'd go as far to say that you're potentially not even an FA.   In my opinion, hunting in Rust could be a hell of a lot more enjoyable if it were to be expanded. It's cool that they've added skulls/bone fragments, but I'd like to see more things added to the list of things you can obtain off of animal's corpses.   The use of the whole hunted animal should be a defining feature of Rust early-game as it is pretty reminiscent of Neolithic life ( hunter-gatherers), and I believe that it could do with a bit of expansion so we don't just go from sticks and rocks straight to guns. The animals in Rust should be the most important resource for your average nekkid Newman, it should be an momentous occasion when you bring down an animal large enough to provide you with much needed materials. Therefore, I think more animal-only materials should be added and uses for said materials (including expanded uses for bone fragments) should be pivotal to the Rust early-game.   These materials and their uses would be as follows:  Gut: Used as an alternative to cloth in making bow strings. Used for tripwires (?), rope, or anything that requires some sort of cord/string. Also used for food, to make those drinking bag things and makeshift condoms for better protection whilst raping newspawns. Pulled out raw from animal and needs to be dried on a drying rack.  Fur: Used for making warmer clothing in cold climates, used for beds/sleeping bags, can be burnt on fire as cheap fuel.  Bone fragments/intact bones: Fragments used for jewellery, tools (does this already), needles in primitive medkits (?); larger bones used for weapons, armour, etc  Hide: A replacement for cloth already obtained from animals. Used for armour, storage bags, beds, tents, pretty much everything in Rust early-game. Must be prepared before use, this could be ranging in complexity from actually needing to clean, wash and then tan the leather in respective workbenches, or to just simply using one new workbench ( say, a 'leather rack') to turn fresh hide straight into leather.   Fat: Can be rendered down in furnace to make glue, also used as fuel ( pretty sure Rust already has this,though)  Meat: I don't know if some kind of deterioration mechanic is planned, but if so, it would be cool if we could salt/dry/smoke meats for future use.  Well, that's all I have for the moment, let me know what you goyim think.  Oy vey!    I can dislocate my hips at will. Only problem is that I've probably worn out the joints prematurely from my excessive use of said dislocation as a party trick.   I...I think that might be my cousin. Where'd you get this, OP?   Me too, man. Pity I'm in Aus.   I hope you're right,haha. She also might be staying the night, dunno if that's positive or negative.   Cheers,mang!  I'll probably post a thread afterwards depending on how it goes, hopefully I don't puss out.   Got any tips on how to escalate physically? I've invited a girl I've been talking to for quite some time over for an anime marathon in a few weeks and I kind of want to get a bit more intimate with her.  What do?   Awww yiss.  *Motherfuckin' procedural worlds.*   Don't know whether to be happy or sad about that.   Sweet Jesus.  You've got to let love in, not demand it.  Did you get that off the back of a fucking cereal box?   It's all nice and good that you believe that we all have hope, and I'm not saying that old mate OP doesn't, but please don't fucking patronise the rest of us that are very well facing the distinct possibility of a life devoid of intimacy ( you know, that one thing most people, likely yourself included, take for granted) with that bullshit.   And it's all well and good that you find it to be pathetic or sad that some people can't let go of the fact that they will most likely miss out on one of the most validating aspects of human existence, that is, the ability to give and receive intimacy.  Sure, I could go on a holiday, or fucking twelve, but I will still feel hollow, I will still feel like some sort of fucking freak. I mean, what really is there to life but to reproduce? It's a biological imperative that we breed, I can't just shrug that off and say, " Well at least I have done these other, objectively meaningless, pointless activities. Go me!"  Hope is for people who already have had a lifetime of validating social experiences to fall back on. How can I have 'hope for the future' when I can barely talk to the fucking cashier at my local supermarket?   Do you know what awaits guys like me and many others of this sub? ( Maybe OP, maybe not) We grow further and further into isolation and obsolescence. We become the creeps and spinsters who either kill themselves in some forgotten place or die in old age and are discovered rotted to their couch. However much hope we can put into the future won't change psychological foundations laid on us during early childhood/adolescence.   We're at the bad end of the bell-curve, and we've just got to deal with that. I choose to ground myself in reality, not fantastical pipe-dreams saturated with such blinding things as hope.  *ninja edit: Fucking shithead 'f's'   Don't worry about him,mate. He's just here to feel superior to us and delude himself into thinking he's actually giving decent advice.   Just a little.   Sure thing!   Gecko is not dying in space,comrade,he only on vacation.   I am shakin' in me booties. ^^^^^Pleasedon'tbeatme   Sure thing. The excerpt is 900 words; the whole thing is ~1400   Sure! I'll send it through pm because it's a pretty hefty amount of words.   Hey guys.  I'm a fledgling writer who's wondering whether his work invokes a concrete image within a reader. I was wondering whether I could give someone on here a piece of my text to illustrate. Any part of the text can be illustrated,I don't mind at all.  If anyone could do this it would be awesome. I'm not adverse to giving a commission also, if that entices anyone.  Cheers guys!   I like petting my own chest hair, especially my belly hair as it's soft like a gosling. No one else wants to stroke it however. :/   Yo-you like body hair? Well,I've got plenty of that. No back hair,though.   I bought it late last year,haha. Been waiting for procedural environments ever since. :   LE SIGH   Man, I've been waiting so long for procedural environments to be properly implemented before I fully jump into this game. Surely having larger maps with more asteroids/other procedurally generated content is a goal the devs are working towards, right? Has there been any indication of them actually making progress in this area,though?   From your comment higher up, you look like a regular dude.   I have no doubt in my mind whatsoever that if you had actually, properly physically unattractive, your girlfriend would have dismissed any effort of yours to pursue an intimate relationship, despite how passionate you are, yadda yadda.  Your personality is attractive because you fit within the threshold of physical attractiveness that dictated whether your girlfriend would date you or not.   It's fucking strange, you know, that people actually believe that physical attractiveness doesn't affect how you interact with other people. It's all well and good to say, "Well, my girlfriend loves me for my personality," but you ignore the fact that she was attracted to your physicality first and foremost, and then your personality ( although I doubt she would stay with you if you magically became an ugly fucker, personality or no.)  This is what normal people forget, that facial attractiveness initially determines any future interactions you'll have with someone.    Give us a picture of your face and I'll be more than likely to believe you.   But ya need a good face to get dem social skillz, bruh.   In all seriousness, you can have all the social skills you want, but there has to be at least some physical attraction on your end to warrant an intimate relationship with someone.  I'm sure it was your winning personality that got you your girlfriend, right? lel.   Wait. Deres a pub night? Where at?   Oh fuck off with this confidence bullshit. People won't give a shit that you're confident if you have no facial aesthetics.   Face trumps all,I'm afraid.   If I hear that fucking phrase again, Ima...sit here passively and do nothing.    I'm not commenting so much on sex as I am on finding an intimate relationship. Sure, sex is probably overrated, but I don't want a relationship solely for sex.   To get someone of the opposite sex to want to be intimate with you is one of THE most important traits of being viewed as a functional person.   People couldn't give two shits if you think you're alright for not having ever had an intimate relationship as it implies that there's something wrong with you, and people don't like that; they don't like someone like that hanging around them.    If you are just looking to get your dick wet, it shouldn't be that difficult, but will still require effort. Make sure you present yourself hygienically, lower your standards and go to a gathering of similarly aged people and start talking to women, not just the stereotypically pretty or cute ones. Talk to everyone. If women see you blowing off the less attractive, plain ones...and then see you only chatting up the attractive ones, you're gonna be seen as an asshole.   I'm gonna let you in on a little secret, big fella: Ugly people, like normal/good looking people, don't like other ugly people. Just because someone's physically unattractive, doesn't mean they're going to be attracted to similarly unattractive people, and unlike said normal-looking people, I don't subscribe to the vitriolic delusions they feed themselves about 'loving someone for their personality'.*(Top fucking kek.)*  I know a homely girl isn't going to be attracted to me and she knows I'm not going to be attracted to her. That's just how it is.  I subject myself to nature, and nature is cruelly just. The reality of the situation is that there must be someone to fill in the opposite end of the bell curve regarding intimacy and those people are, generally, physically unattractive (disregarding the disabled/deformed).   I am one such person, and no amount of "talk to everyone" will fix the fact that the sperm that happened to develop into me also carried certain genes that lead to facial unattractiveness/shortness. It's not my fault, it's not your fault, it's not anyone's fault--it's just how things are.  In the worst case scenario, I accept my painful fate of isolation and loneliness with grim determination. In the best case scenario, I kill myself.  That's just how life is,eh?           Tangible qualities like physical (facial) attractiveness?   How can you be proud of yourself when it's been made clear to some of us time and time again that the rest of society believes us to be worthless? How can I be proud of the fact that I repulse women? How can I be proud of that I'm basically the chaff of the gene pool? How can I be confident with the knowledge that the best I will achieve will never satiate my desire to become a normal member of society?   Fuck yes.  Add in procedural ruined cities to scrounge around in and I will jizz the jizz of a happy man.   Heh. Gotta look good for me coffin, mate.  I'm at PlusFitness.  	50
 Do you have a good relationship with your mother ( the question stands about both of your parents actually ) ?  Is there any open-minded person you trust and could talk to ? I'm asking in hopes to help you find a way to tell your mom.  Anyways,don't be embarassed. I know it's easy to say but there's nothing to be embarassed about. You are who you are,and it's a great thing. :)   Recently I've came out to some of my closest friends about being transgender ( FTM).  So.. the first friend,had a lovely reaction and said he's supportive. I'm very thankful for this yet he still uses female pronoms to refer to me and I would like to ask him to use the right ones. I don't really know how to do that and I feel a bit guilty to ask him since I don't pass very well. I know it's stupid :/  The second friend *is* the problem. Refers to me as male (...sometimes) but says and does things that make me very uncomfortable,such as " do you really want a dick ?" and laughs,outed me to his boyfriend as well ( who was nice about it,but still,I wish I could have told him myself when ready). Also,I was/am in love with a guy who rejected me,and all he had to say was " this guy rejected you because he must be gay". He said it multiple times,even if I told him how painful it was for me to hear that. He jokingly said I could try with that guy again when I have a dick,aswell.  Because of this one friend,I'm afraid to come out to the rest of the people around me. I can get that it's hard to process for them,but I've always been willing to help them understand. Yet this guy is being a douche and doesn't get it,I've called him out on his bullshit multiple times,no changes. What should I do ?       January - April :   The bad :  - Dropped out from college because the schedule was too fucked up for me to work and well... I need to support myself. - Huge fight with one of my former close friends,now we're enemies. - Started cutting. - Recovered then relapsed into anorexia. The good :  - Started to talk with the boy I've been in love of for years in secret. - Figured I was a transboy,finally came in terms with it and stopped being in denial. - Came out to my parents,both about my gender and my sexual orientation.   May - July  Positive :  - This boy I liked so much for years told me he likes me back.  - Happy. - Not hating my body so much anymore and found some beauty in myself.  - No more self-destructive urges. - Lowest weight in ages. ( not sure if it's really postive,but to me it is.)   Negative :  - Money issues,debts,can't find a job. - Way too violent,way too jealous of my friends. - Fell in love with my eating disorder,started telling myself it's thanks to it that I'm finally "happy".   The end of July to now :  - The boy told me he didn't want to be with me after leading me on for months. - Basically hit rock bottom : back to cutting,back to self-hate,gone crazy. - Lonely as fuck,spending all day in bed,wandering the streets at night completely high. - Falling out with all my friends due to me isolating myself. - Started doing drugs.  Still some positive things :  - Going to a new school in a field I really like. Don't want to go but I'm going to force myself to. - Met a great supportive online friend. - Went to a therapist. It didn't change shit but it was still a big step for me to see someone. - Planning to transition even if I'm not sure I'll ever have the money and strenght to do this all alone.  So yeah basically this is it !     Man,I know how this feels,this impression of having lived so many lives.  I've done the same things you did and I didn't stop,I kept acting,now I'm 22 and I feel like I've lost my sanity in the process. The idea of "whatever I can be anything" replaced my true personality. Deception,rejection ? New persona. And I truly believe they *are* who I am,now.  I think you should keep on drawing. This is something the real you wanted to do,it seems. It's absolutely understandable that you want your parents to love you but I don't think they will love you any less if you pursue your dream,sure it might take time for them to understand but at the end it can be worth it.  Also,do you have someone in your family you're close to you could talk to about the way you feel,who wouldn't brush it off and then could help you tell the truth to your parents ?     	4
 What about EleventhGorgeous?? I think they're really sweet and I love that they add closed captions to their videos.   I know what you mean by that... anxiety and creativity. My imagination can run pretty wild.  It's never a good combination - truthfully for me. I read books, I watch movies, I write stories... well, you know the rest. :/   What I mean by cinematic deaths, for example... I see my mum driving the car, and there's this huge truck driving on the highway, carrying dangerous equipment like gas or carrying something that could fall off on the road. Then time would slow down, I see my mom's reaction, and then switch to the truck, I will see it either lost control of driving, started to fall on the road and it would be too late to change lanes to avoid the accident OR I will see the truck's equipment fell off and it was rolling towards her. There are many different ways. I always end it with a police officer, putting his hat down and knock on my door to tell me the news of what happened to my mum or to my SO or to my friends.    These images are usually disturbing and I would check in with my family and friends to be sure they're okay. They're oblivious to why I check in quite often. I don't want them to know and I care about them tremendously and love all of them.    ...when I find myself, thinking about my mum, my SO, and my best friends... I think about their deaths in my head, having dialogues, and creating scenarios like out of the movie scenes, and dramatic stories.  It's different every time I think about it.  It's not like I think about it every now and then.  For some reason, I constantly think about it at certain times when I'm alone and without any human contact.  My mind is evolving strange forms of thoughts and images.  Does anyone do this? Why do I keep thinking about it? Is it fear of being alone? Is it fear of losing them? I ask myself that but am curious to hear from you... what is it that cause me to think about that?   I wish I could give you extended thousand of hugs your way. Please get help, go to the hospital.   I've been looking for something like this- thanks for sharing.   Can't wait to have it in soon. Looking forward to it!! Do you guys want to have me doing the swatches and show each color?? Let me know and I'd do that :)   *checks out UpBra website then eyes bulge out the second I clicked "Shop"... $85 for one bra?! What. $90 for ONE STRAPLESS BRA?! ._.    I was supposed to see my doctor for an evaluation, a follow up on how I'm doing on the pill, considering it's my first time being on it (which is why I'm scheduled to see the doctor in June).  I know it's supposed to be every single day but he never really explained how it works when it comes to refill the prescription.  I'm aware that I just don't pop it just to feel better.  I know it doesn't work that way. If I indicate in any way to sound like I was implying that, I apologize.  I do not mean to.  Maybe I was being vague.  I hope I'd clarify this by now...  The doctor said I will notice 4 to 6 weeks that the prescription will take its full effects.  Should I notice it by now??  Maybe you are right, as you say, my crazy energy levels is part of the result and it will take a very long time to "re-adjust" with the medicine.  I'll stick it out with 10mg.  Thanks for your reply.   I love the colors!! Thanks for sharing!  	10
 Hmm... It is difficult to be rational with someones life... reminds me of ethics class (when is a person too old to get the expensive meds etc.)...  He is better now than when we met from a rational point I guess.     He used to hurt himself twice a day, every morning and every evening. He now only does it when something upsets him, maybe two times a week (and he never remembers it)   He was about to drop out of High School when we met and is now studying at university (with two majors, though I am scared that it is too much and he'll fail one) He has a job, well he has a bunch of jobs, but this one has a future and is in the field he wants to work in at an international company. We work together there (got hired as a team of 3 with a friend). But he could do what I do, doesn't necessarily need me and our boss knows that I'll quit once I finish medschool.   He has two close friends who know about his mental health and the situation with me, even the sexual difficulties (this might be the most important thing)  So I guess he is better. But he says that it only can get worse and "why not kill myself while things are still ok?"  On the negative end he now thinks that he'll never get "real sex" or a girlfriend who is "interested in him". Because I need time to study (means to him that I think that school is more important than him) and yeah the sex part...    He does not seem to grasp the idea of ever meeting someone else... at least he tried with his classmates but it seems that most of them have a boyfriend, so he stopped trying...  Cost is only on my side. That should not come into the equation... but you are right I should find out if I am still of any use for him. In a perfect world I'd find a nice very sexually active girlfriend for him and then he'd slowly forget about me...  	1
 I say go hodor on him.  And by that, I mean moaning Hodor all the time when you have sex next time. That'll teach him for sure!    It's 2015 and I'm still running calm cune on basically every single team I have.  Well, it still works for me, so...   I had the literally same ad a year ago, also when I searched a flat in Hamburg.  It's a scam. You might wanna contact the third party he mentions (Airbnb), they are mostly very grateful being informed if their name is used in scams.    Path of Exile.  I loved the story and the atmosphere of this game, but grinding the same region over and over again to find at least 1 orb (not that having 1 wouldve helped lol) with the always same abilities due to cooldowns being non-existant....ugh.    I once closed the oblivion gate at Cheydinhal and Farwil Indarys survived.  Might as well be my biggest accomplishment in my entire life.    Madoka from Puella Magi Madoka Magica.  I guess she was somewhat useful in the earlier storylines that occurred, but in the series' storyline she's just so ... irrelevant I feel. She is basically just standing around and talking to people while the others are fighting and having problems and a personality.    Somewhere in my last years at high school, a rule was set up that forbid the students to order pizza delivery to the school during lunch because it had increased significantly.   The thing is - there was hardly any lunch provided by school. The cafeteria had only seats for roughly 1/10 of the students while you were not allowed to take it out of the cafeteria building, and it also had open 45 minutes a day, in a time where some people had lessons. And if you were lower than grade 11, you were forbidden to leave the school ground before the end of your school day.  And then our beloved headmaster wondered why students started ordering pizza to the school ground rather than go 9 or even 10 school lessons without a meal. I'm happy I'm gone.      Thank you for sharing. I'll look into that link deeper tomorrow, but I always thought that maybe it's my biological clock that is not working correctly rather than the actual sleep. I can sleep during afternoon quite easily, i.e. something like 2pm-6pm, but it's so hard to do at night...   I think about 40 hours or something in that direction. To be fair I was too exhausted too count exactly.    I don't really see why it's neutral. And if it's town, it's basically a way stronger Retri, who is already powerful now....   I think that would put town in an almost unwinnable game if there's actually two SK's or two Arsos in a game. They could just go "you go for those, i go for those" and decimate town in half of the time, while not even having to worry for a spy like mafia does. Basically, SK and Arso would outclass the whole Maf as soon as they are 2, and that would pretty much undermine the sense of roles that are thought to be working alone.   	11
 I hate to tell you this but you really look stupid to everyone reading this. You obviously have no valid experience with the subject matter at hand from which to draw any realistic conclusions.  Everyone here knows that driving while intoxicated is a crime, and they know why, and that it's punished harshly for a good reason.  What you fail to realize is that this is a cash grabbing stunt that every law enforcement office in the country just can't wait to get their hands on.  In that sense, you are personally insulting everyone who views this thread that understands the ramifications of your type of ignorance: that you'd vote for people who favor unjust laws of this nature.  It's just what's happening. Try not to take it too personally. Your feathers are showing. Instead, I might suggest, if you are in fact here because you don't know what you are talking about and you are not just trolling for a fight, that you address the concerns others raised in direct opposition to your first comment in this thread rather than picking and choosing those arguments that you feel you found a flaw with. Your own argument's basis in reality is flawed in this regard, and it's blatantly obvious because you simply refuse to address the real concerns behind this entire issue and instead choose to pursue some personal agenda.  Perhaps you are a victim of an intoxicated driver/person or know someone who was, but I can tell one thing is for certain: you've never had an unjust DWI or DUI (about half get dismissed in Travis County here in Texas alone). I can tell not because you are so righteous (your petty arguments are very laughable and easily deconstructed by even the most primitive of debate tactics), it is because your lack experience with "the system" *as a whole* really shows.   The problem with googling how to do that is you are just getting a list of instructions.  Actually thinking up this sort of idea and implementing it by reading software manuals and knowing what you are looking at in terms of communications protocols is an entirely different thing.  If you really mean what you said, I would offer you a little advice: read one manual page a day. In just one year you'll know more, or at least have been exposed to more than 90% of "sysadmins" out there.   Install Linux on your wireless router and pipe the raw output of tcpdump on the various vlans/interfaces through ssh back into instances of etherape displaying the activity using remote X authority.  Bonus: understand all that shit and you might land a job doing it.   Disclaimer: may also get you fired.   So then it's more like playing golf..  "Don't move.... don't move.... WHACK!!!"  No. I still don't get it do I?   Imagine playing cricket with a two ton ball of horns and hooves flying at you with the force of a cement truck, and trying to stop it with with a firecracker and a fishing weight.   "God, I hate this job" I muttered to myself.  Handing out bags of blood and skeletal remains all day can take a toll on a soul.  "Stay in school" said the voice in my head.  Or was it the bright-eyed customer with wings speaking to me through the cross hung around my neck?  I may never know, but I can tell you one thing: life in the ghetto is a drag. All you need is one puff to know that. A real shame, this chance we waste.   Bust out the popcorn hahaha....   Okay, who's brother owns the drug testing company this time?   Would definitely be high on my "Shit To Do" list as governor of this state about now.   No shit. That thing shows up in Port A it's toast. There will be a thousand people out there trying to eat it.   Thanks for the heads up.  By the way, I just saved $100 on Sharknado insurance. Disclaimer: I live inland for a reason.   It would make more sense for the Mexican government to get their own shit together.  What do I know though? I have only grown up watching the US thoroughly bungle op after op for decades. Maybe they are right on this one. What could go wrong?   You work in IT long enough this is bound to happen. I've trained one myself, but knew it was coming. I designed and built the system, got this guy on and trained him to support it at a much lower rate, and I moved on to building another system.  This is just the way things are.  But there are new systems being built every day, and most companies in the US just can't assume an H1B workforce right off the bat. Someone local has to design them, put them together, act as vendor liaison, make the hiring recommendations, and all that fun stuff. It'll work out.  Right?   ok ok i did it. anyone got a problem with... odessa better speak up.   hah...   Venting is good. It lets people know that they are not the only ones who feel this way.   Speaking of which, I took a GIS course at Del Mar College and spent all my time dumping any data I could find for the Nueces county area into ARCView. I had a gigantic dataset to work with at the end of the semester with hundreds of layers and options.  What I found out was that you do not want to live in Corpus long, and you really don't want to have kids there. The reasons are not just economic or social, but environmental. The place is straight up toxic and all told certain parts of the city should be superfund sites.  It's been over 10 years since I did this research. I was inspired by someone who taught school in Corpus that found less that 200 PPM life in the Nueces river watershed after uranium tailings started getting dumped into the river system. He said each drop of water from the river should be teeming with life when in fact it was barren, and the microscopic organisms he studied were mutated and unrecognizable.  Granted that's a little hearsay for you, but it's what I was told by someone I trust very much.  I was pretty much blacklisted from the school after putting together "the map". I just wanted to find out what neighborhoods were best, but I wound up learning that Corpus has one of the highest birth defect rates in the country, among a ton of other unsettling things.  [Of course, Nueces county having 84% more birth defects than any other in Texas could all be chalked up to "chance".](http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:utsXQj_hfLYJ:www.caller.com/news/2008/jan/25/birth-defects-84-percent-higher-nueces-co")  I would get the fuck out of there if I were you. There is a reason the population of that city has not undergone a significant increase in decades. You can't save that city from those refineries and well meaning efforts like yours are probably better spent elsewhere in a place where your ideology has a head start. Living there in willful ignorance is what people are doing.   I can see you wanting to pretty the place up, but you are polishing a turd in doing so. Of course Corpus has great potential. What coastal city does not? The problem is that the place is just a dump and the majority of voters there are literally too stupid to do anything about it. There is really no way to clean that place up and that is why thousands and thousands of high school and college graduates and dropouts alike have just *left*.   It occurred to me that this kind of thing would shake up this market in some sense.  As someone who has worked in the field for years, I'd have to argue about maintaining copper (at least coax) vs. running fiber costs.  The copper is already there. We are looking at easements, the little battery boxes here and there, the hubs, and headends. With fiber the logistics of running new line all over town are practically insurmountable without the overt support and assistance of often multiple municipalities for a given run.  Fiber requires expensive equipment to be placed every so often, equipment that needs space.. zoning. Power, backup, high availability, etc. are all huge factors that coax systems just don't really have to deal with at a comparable cost for the sheer fact that the infrastructure for such services is already allotted and often oversubscribed in and of themselves.  Moreover, the equipment that delivers this fiber service from the curb to the home is basically your run of the mill Alcatel-Lucent fiber to copper switch. Multi-gig links across single mode fiber multiplexing the dozens of 10/100/1000 ethernet links to people's homes all terminating into carefully calculated port density located inside of water tight and up-to-date regulation adhering boxes every few hundred feet.  Unless of course they are delivering fiber to the curb, which they are most often not. FIOS is a bit of a different story, as is my understanding. Verizon often runs fiber straight into a box on the side of a house, peeling off a wavelength from the fiber trunks following power lines.  Having painted this picture, the zoning and logistics of getting this MUX and media conversion in place is really what the problem is all about for companies like ATT. In more than a few markets, particularly on the west coast, this has been a complete disaster for them. U-Verse, Lightspeed.. whatever you want to call it all came from projects similar to Google's later fiber initiative. The difference is that ATT really suffered when breaking this over-building ground while their successors in the industry were able to benefit from ATT's blundering lessons, such as "don't try this in California's mega-metropolitan areas without balls of steel and abyssal pockets.  Now here we site, more along the lines of your second paragraph. Doing this on a scale that would actually effect change in people's ability to communicate would seriously fuck the status quo, no matter how you spin it.  Thanks for the financial insight. As a grunt and engineer I see it from one perspective and have intentionally ignored the numbers aspect, which is probably where my question really came from.   Both.   I wonder if this has anything to do with the fact that building out fiber to everyone's curb is prohibitively expensive, and the act of doing so would trigger cable companies to "flip the switch" on DOCSIS3.    If this information is true about her being denied medication, and depending on the nasty stuff they had her on, it's easy to believe that she could have gone into some kind of withdrawal-related shock.  I bet she had a seizure after 48 hours of no SSRIs and died from complications related to her not having her blood pressure medication.  It's going to be something convoluted like that. I say that - I doubt the official story will tell us anything too incriminating about the PD, but if there is any merit to the story about her not having access to these particular types of medication you can bet she suffered horribly for it, especially if she were on high-doses.  Sure, it's all speculation at this point, but I've seen people in jail go through withdrawals from these types of meds, and it's not pretty. Here in Austin, one of the questions you are asked is if you are on benzodiazepenes. Another is how often you drink. If you tell them you eat 100 MG of Xanax a day and/or a bottle of Wild Turkey with your dinner, they are going to have to accommodate you or you will drop dead in a couple days if that.   He is just doing what he got voted into office to do. This is what republicans want, and they are getting it. Good for them. I wish every other political party out there was as true to their word as this guy.    give her a gigantic hug  Thanks for this. I used to hear this all the time at places like the grocery store, the beach, parties, and pretty much wherever I ran into people who she taught. It was great to read this in this context. Made me feel like she was still teaching, still part of that community.  Mom is still here but not for long. I will give her a hug from Reddit.  I never thought I'd be saying those words. Look at the big, hard man right now...   Single mom. Feel better now?  You probably shouldn't talk about my father.  One does not necessarily have to **pay** for someone else's lunch for them to be able to eat, but it helps  There's a proverb out there about teaching and fish. I'll let you figure it out.   My mother was a teacher. She spent her paychecks and entire teaching career helping students in need by making sure they had a ride to school, tooth brushes, deodorant, **lunch**, school supplies... basic things that some parents simply did not provide. She would even rescue animals, particularly strays she found around the campus, take them home, doctor them up, and find homes for them.  And she got ran out of a school district for it.  Let me tell you something about this. I watched her suffer for the lack of empathy that everyone else had for children, animals, and life in general. I watched how that school district sucked the life out of her and ostracized her for having a heart. Her kids did so much better on tests and in life in general that it made the other teachers look bad. It made the establishment look bad. The low bar held by the school district was being raised by her behavior, and few of the other teachers could keep up. She showed kids more than how to use a comma. She showed them love - especially the kids who had none at home.  I am filled with rage for what happened to her. I have no pity whatsoever for school administrators who get sacked for corruption and incompetence, and if it weren't for the sweet-natured woman who raised me I too would have grown up absolutely bitter about it in a less than civilized way. I take a very critical eye to my child's education, and you better believe I will not tolerate anything less than the things my mother brought to class for her kids.  Raise the bar. If we don't, another country will. Other countries **are**. We will have no way of competing on a globally growing scale in just another generation or so without the kind of dedication and charisma brought to the table by the most special and influential of people in our children's lives.  I don't care what anyone says. When you see her mailbox around Christmas explode with cards from kids she taught 10 years prior, you see what I mean when I say education lost one hell of an icon when she was run out of town years ago.  My mother would have paid for this child's lunch, and she would have gotten to the bottom of why they were short their lunch money.  ---  Edit: Commas.   I'll never visit New Braunfels or San Antonio's parks again because of the crowds, but seeing this in Corpus will have me go out of my way to get some RR at the water park with the family - and I can get out and catch me some reds.  This is a great idea. It will bring money into the Corpus economy, provide a few jobs, and put some of those roads to use. I hope it attracts enough business to stay afloat.   ---  The only problem is that this waterpark is on the Island. That's quite a drive, and during spring break season that causeway is going to be gridlocked for a solid month. Traffic on that little old highway 361 is already pretty bad most of the season, with the speed limit never going above 60 and the road only being two lanes (and cops everywhere..).  So here we go with the traffic jams. Corpus can't win for losing.   Thanks for the tip!    Are you hiring bulldozer drivers?  My career has been focused on UNIX systems and Cisco network engineering. Big firewalls, giant NAC implementations, customized authentication mechanisms and turnkey VPN solutions, among a bunch of other non-AD and Exchange/IIS administration stuff.  I am not a Windows guy. Never have been, and that's what really bums me out about Corpus. Unless I can find a job doing simple Cisco network engineering, or working for an ISP, I'll be lucky to even land a seat at CSC for some Hazmat training this August.   Generally speaking about %15 but no less than $2 on a plate of food.  That's my policy. I don't use a calculator for this.. round it up. Spend your time enjoying the place, not squabbling over pennies. I've actually had to encourage people to do this before, so there you go.   I second this if only for the fact that even if you lived exactly half-way between Katy and Austin, her commute would still take much longer because highway 71 coming into Austin at all hours of the day is TERRIBLE. Highway 290 has 50 traffic lights between Brenham and any given spot in town, and they are only putting up more every day.  Have you considered road construction between here and there? Probably wouldn't hurt to check out what's coming up. It could really be a deal breaker.  You got the good end of this stick, and believe me, the other end doesn't smell good.  This all sounds good on paper to you now, but two months of this commute and you'll be at each other's throats. Besides, for what you'd save in gas by working/living locally you'd have enough to rent a decent place for each of you.  Putting miles like that, especially during the summer, on your vehicles is really going to take it's toll in a few months time.  I could literally sit here all night and think of reasons why this is not the best of ideas. Noble, I'll give you that, but realistic is not a word I'd use to describe this scenario.  If you both have jobs *now* you have a better chance of getting a job in either city. At the risk of sounding presumptuous (I'm given little to work with), I'd have to say the way I would handle this situation is to get a place outside of Katy for the time being, get her set up in a temporary place in Austin, and have her *immediately* start looking for work in Houston.  Either way she's gonna hate Texas traffic with a passion soon enough.   I mean honestly the sick part of me kind of laughs at the thought.. it just doesn't make sense man. That's coming from a cynic who has suffered 25 years of commuting to and from all over Texas; from the bitter country boy who watched traffic, overpopulation and the resulting sprawl obliterate the countryside over the last 45. If you are looking to get reasons to avoid traffic from someone and tips on how to do so, that I can provide, but I have a hard time justifying anything that doesn't involve minimizing time on the road.  The humanitarian in me is what made me offer these words in good faith.   "If only they could"  My heart weeps, let me tell you.  Put an axe in it.   Daybreak's beams cast their grip up and over the Organ Mountains, combing the fine sands of the plains below. Red irises and slit pupils glint dutifully as the ancient white sands of a place once called "New Mexico" became illuminated by an alien spectrum of UV light that only a planet with very little atmosphere could entertain.   As *the collective* proceeds, cyanotic scales glimmered more and more sharply as familiarly proportioned yet immense figures arise in droves from the dizzying depths of an obsidian staircase upward into the most prophetically inhospitable climate ever suffered by any form of self-consciousness born of this now barren planet.  And to *the collective* is offered an intensifying electric-blue glow and a sizzling expanse of a horizon interrupted only by heat dissipating from the occasional and fleeting mirage. The blindingly raw spectrum of first light that once primitively triggered a series of biological reactions has been usurped with a  circadian rhythm autonomously independent of external stimuli and redesigned by the forces of nature to bend to the will of these sole surviving witnesses of time, *the collective*.  A first set of eyelids shutter out the sterilizing radiation and unrelenting abrasiveness of finely ground glass. A glass so pervasive and mercilessly cast by unimpeded winds that long ago scoured was the once living terrain of color, and now only the most persistent of jagged rock spires stand in mere skeletal ruins of what were once the most massive geological features on the face of this rock we made our home. The surface of a world once covered in mountains as high as oceans deep now floats through space as a cemetery where no epitaph could survive the elemental barrage, where no dates could represent time itself in any meaningful way, where the concept of life and death lost polarization long before the mountains dissolved and seas boiled away.  The wind picks up as an isobar passes over the region, and the very ground begins to vibrate as the chanting masses synchronize the indescribably minute details of their planetary domain with their self-conceived and self-achieved biological limit of intelligence, a form of sentient life that was once only fanciful belief of even the greatest minds our own grandchildren will not even have heard of in their time.  As quickly as the sand was stirred by the shuffling of reverent footsteps the ritual is complete. *The collective* files back through the immense labyrinth of volcanic corridors and caverns that have for eons sculpted and to perfection the last living vessels of human DNA the Earth will ever see. The labyrinth created by the very beings spawned from it's protective depths, once a raging inferno tempered ultimately to provide a utopian existence for a civilization who manifested the ability to not only bring forth from fire and brimstone the soft and subtle cravings of the flesh, but to eliminate the effects that only a craving animal can bring to it's own doorstep.  What little is still known of their lineage is only a minor mystery. While the bones and buildings and accomplishments of ancient times have long since been returned to elementary form, they are no longer needed by a race of beings capable of willfully modifying their own genetic expression to thrive under conditions which we mere prototypes could not have even imagined a hand in bringing upon ourselves.  Their knowledge is the absolute truth about the meaning of knowledge itself: Life will find a way, and without life there is no way to be found.    You couldn't get me on 71 towards dripping springs around dinner time if the meal were free.   Okay. $2 a foot. Deal?  I'm kidding. Let me ask about it and I'll get back with you. Would it be possible to see some pictures of the place?   That's the total estimate based on what you've said, assuming we aren't spending it all on paints and what not. Would like to take a look to see how fair that is and go from there.   $1.00 per foot, primed and painted, he said.     This is the double standard by which our government operates, and with it being in the face of everyone who watches television/has a phone/uses the internet in general, maybe it will finally get some attention.   Unfortunately might makes right in this country. The process you are speaking of is the perversion of our government that has been going on for decades if not centuries to at least some extent.  It's just the way things get done around here and as our working generation has been taught no amount of voting is going to change things.    I brought this up with my carpenter and am awaiting a response. We just finished remodeling the interior of a house and our customer is thoroughly impressed with especially the interior. His baseboards and molding are flawlessly cut and painted.  How many rooms?   I slept on this and took down the original response in an effort to clarify my stance, our abilities, and intentions. Thank you for your time.  I'd highly recommend that anyone looking to use a service like this pay absolutely little to nothing until the work is substantially complete to your satisfaction or use a escrow or something.  * Payment comes after the job is complete or as work progresses satisfactorily, depending on the size and nature of the job.  * We are not really looking for large jobs unless it is something we are 110% sure we can complete.  Classic case with a lot of small "contractors" is they take the money, have no clue what they are doing, bankrupt, and the customers are left with nothing.   * I have been victimized by such "small contractors" and would not wish that on anyone. * We would require some money for initial materials depending on the job. This is only fair. * Then again, this is totally dependent on the nature and size of the job. * We are far from clueless. Meet the crew:  **The Carpenter**  Our *real* [Journeyman Carpenter](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carpentry#Apprenticeships_and_Journeymen_carpenters) has been swinging a hammer his entire life. He is stout and limber and can use up a stack of plywood faster than anyone I've seen. He is also excellent with automobiles and generally speaking is a wizard with woodwork.   **The Mechanic**  Our mechanic has been working on vehicles for 40 years, the veritable and venerable equivalent of mastery. Ask him a question about a vehicle... He has also performed his share of carpentry and electrical wiring in homes and buildings. I have been pushing him to become [ASE Certified](en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automotive_Service_Excellence), which he could do in a heartbeat if I could talk him into taking [the tests](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automotive_Service_Excellence#Tests).   **The Painter**  Our *real* [Master Painter/Craftsman](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_craftsman) has been doing paint for 20 years and can repair, pick up, and carry damn near anything across the site.   **The Help**  A couple of deck swabbers that clean like the wind. Smart people and all around great to work with and easy to talk to.   **Myself**  I guess I'm the boss, but I don't look at it that way. I grew up in oil fields and ranches around Texas and New Mexico. I've performed my share of mechanics, carpentry, electronics repair, and am a former professional residential and commercial cabling technician, field supervisor, and quality control manager. I also have ten years of progressively difficult, end-to-end IT business systems architecture and information security engineering. I am also 100% self taught in all of these disciplines.  My full resume is 10 pages long and will hand it over to other honest, hard working people whom I feel trustworthy.   There's a lot of good ones, but a lot of bad too. I hate to call you out but there are way to many shitty one guy, day laborers, and a truck deals low balling the hell out of everything, doing an awful job, and giving everyone who does construction a bad name.  * We are the good guys, but you don't have to take our word for it. * Don't feel bad about mentioning these things. It's prudent and no offense is taken. * We are far from clueless and don't necessarily "lowball".  * Our work is worth good money, and we are doing the bidding on our dinner tables.  * We just need work like everyone else, and are very proud of how we do it.  ---  Because I can only post so much here meeting in person is something I like to do. I've shaken the hands of over 10,000 satisfied customers over the years, and plan on shaking many more.  Thanks for the opportunity to organize my thoughts.  As a side note, we've recently had many tools stolen from a job site, and are having to work even harder to get them back. Generally speaking we can rent what we lost for a day or four where necessary. I mention this as a factor in the estimate given that it may take us longer to complete certain aspects of a job without tools, which brings down the rates, whereas should we have/obtain said equipment then our efficiency improves, thus increasing our rate. It's not necessarily an issue I would ask a customer to consider in conversation, but I'm throwing it out there initially just to air the room.  Does this address some of your concerns? I realize words are worthless without the actions to back them up, but without the opportunity to perform there is no point in even writing this down. **We have references**.   About $250 for the labor assuming it's an automatic. Two of us will jump on it so we can knock it out in one day, unless we have to go pull one.  Do you need us to obtain a transmission and any other parts?    No.  We are building the funds, clientele, and crew to earn a small business loan if this takes off.  Thank you for pointing this out, and I apologize for not mentioning it. We do good work and are trying to keep things simple for the time being in order to avoid any sort of conflict whatsoever. Our ideal customer needs smaller jobs done that would not require them to spend very much to complete on their own, but need some honest help. A couple days work at a time is ideal.   this internet was a wilderness Before and Ever After White Nights like you  **Gigabit Sewage**  Under guise of anonymity,   Hides cowardly animosity.   Now one will forget,   Soon one's regret,   Is face to face to see.     Is there a name for this style?  The structure is familiar to other work on this page.  The end references the beginning in a way that is not only relevant to subject matter, but relevant to the choice wording. It's like a double entendre, but not.   **The Deep Seat**  Confusion hit,   When my parents split.   Family Number: One.    Married, I was.   Renounced, just because.   Strike Number Two: Dear Son.   Perhaps exploring not the light itself but where the light is cast and observed would be a more detailed exposure of this feeling.  "A solitary flame chases shadows of doubt through these eyes across the expanse of my existence."  Something like that, but a little more happy in your case, haha.   **Envy’s Green Droplets**  Would-be, could-be, hopefully hopeless,   Sensory addiction and wonder.   Unique reflections, convex complexions,   Create worlds of beads and clover.     Have some class and avoid speculating out loud, please. She is obviously under enough duress.  Thank you.   My condolences. Context would be nice, but isn't necessary now. Thank you for sharing yourself. May time bring you closure.  [Keep your chin up.](http://i.imgur.com/P7jqFWx.png)   **Light a Candle for Me**  In the ground she hides,   Where her time she bides.   Cut her and you'll cry.   Peel her to see why.     I see what you did there ;)  Good job. I don't want to read too much into it, but it sounds like you were with an angel.   Not to nitpick, but punctuation (capitalization) assists the reader with pauses.   Ouch.  	51
 I'm going to remember that, I mean everyone recites the whole 'it's medicine hakuna matata' monologue but for a while I felt like I wasn't myself because they were making me into a different person, happy or not. I guess it.doesn't affect my personality, just my mood. It's an assist but not life support.    I wouldn't make this judgement for others, but even though I'm not ashamed of being medicated, I still strongly want to avoid becoming dependent or relying on them to feel good. Everything that happened today brought that fear more into light, and although I have an illness I guess I just wish I could be okay on my own.  	2
 If you really want to blow your mind, replace the worn old capacitors, it'll bring everything back into spec. Even just doing the main psu caps makes a good difference    It's just an interesting concept for me because I've never lived somewhere long term where my water wasn't as private as it got, ie: it came out of the ground the house was built on. And to make it better, no power = no water.  But I wouldn't trade it for anything. Our water growing up was better than anything that comes out of a bottle, perfect ph, naturally limestone filtered, nice and crisp. Our relatives used to bring 5gal jugs to fill when they visited us.  Septic tanks on the other hand fucking suck   I mean, I meant that my blender turning into a frag grenade scared the shit out of me...  I whisk my poop shakes like a man.   To be fair it is lot more reliable than using a binned DC motor and some rectifier diodes    I can't help but laugh when my coworkers tell stories like this from China (where several of them are from). We came to the conclusion that China is more American than America  	5
 If anyone would like to forward me to studies being done on social isolation, I'll gladly contact the researchers for observation. I don't really plan on changing my opinion on this.  Like I said, sharing on a throw-away I'll probably never revisit.   	1
 Same :) it makes me want to watch it:)   I feel like I cant let myself be sad a lot even though I know it would be good for me to let it out   Exactly how i'm beginning to feel   	3
 I already know he won't leave his girlfriend for me; so I'm not sure what I could say. If we were soulmates, surely he would? I'm probably just being Naive.  	1
 My experience wasn't too bad. I was 17, the oldest there, and probably the most sane, so it was a little scary, being surrounded by people who had a hard time controlling themselves. I was only there for three days, and 3 of the kids there got "bootyjuiced", which is a sedative injected into your ass, and then tossed into a 10x10 room with nothing in it but a small square window in the door. I was miserable, however. My mom packed me a duffle bag with books and clothes, which I was able to keep, but all the drawstrings and shoe laces were confiscated. I had a room with 10 beds all to myself, and I was allowed to stay in my room as long as I liked. I saw the surveillance videos, and the bedrooms weren't being recorded. One of the nurses took pity on me and awarded me the ability to go off the ward, to the gym and the cafeteria and outside to go for walks. I was also allowed to use a razor to shave. I had pretty fresh self harm scars at that time so you can imagine my surprise. Technically you only get those privileges if you go to all the group sessions and participate in activities and "school", but I got lucky I guess. I complained so much to my assigned doctor that I wanted to leave, that he just let me go. The other 20 or so kids were held under very strict rules and watched like hawks. Wow I rambled on lol     	1
 I was just diagnosed with double depression a couple weeks ago, which is basically dysthymia with a major depressive episode happening on top of it. I had the same sort of realization as you a couple months ago when I realized that normal people do not actually feel the same way.  My experience with dysthymia has been mostly with my complete apathy. Currently, I only speak to two people regularly. I'm more of a loner and I tend to cut people out of my life easily. While, I'm not suicidal, I also feel like I'm not particularly attached to living. As in, I feel like I would not particularly care as to whether or not I wake up in the morning. I feel quite isolated as a person, although I usually thought this was just my personality since middle school to feel like I cannot relate to other people.  Consider talking to someone about this, especially your parents if you are close. Although I've never had a significant relationship in my life where I felt I could confide in another person, including my parents, I know it does a lot of damage to carry this kind of burden yourself.    This clip creeps me out just about every time. D:   I work at a research lab for medical device testing. I'd just want to point out that animal testing is not about "ooh, let's strap down this animal and stab it with a bunch of needles and sharp things because we like to see it suffer" like the media would to make it seem. A lot of people that I know in this type of work genuinely care about these animals and about making their lives easier during their stay here. Granted, I'm not saying this is true for every facility, but I think there are plenty more good facilities than the bad ones that tend to be overrepresented. To me, it's a necessary evil that's more about the choice of scientific progress over stagnancy because there's no way to create an accurate artificial model with what we know now (although that would be nice).  It's much easier to just label testing as a purely evil practice while personally enjoying the benefits. If it goes against your morals that much, then decline treatment that uses any pacemakers, any drugs, stents, prosthetics -- pretty much any medical device made and approved for use (including surgical tools and techniques that were tested on animals). It would do these animals a world of benefit if medical companies weren't so pressured from social backlash to keep testing hidden from the public eye.   That's the same reason why I finally went to get help -- my depressive episodes were repeated, but I felt that the intervals between them were getting shorter and shorter. Has your experience with dysthymia been pretty consistent? Because I feel like I do normally have a pretty low mood, but I also feel like there were definitely some days scattered in there where I felt better than others. My therapist asked me how comfortable I was with the idea of starting on medications but I don't think I'm quite comfortable with it yet.   Yes, I believe that's what my therapist was talking about. She basically explained that my baseline mood is much lower than most people's at a neutral level. When bad events happen, this triggers a major depressive episode at the same time and when I do recover, it's always back to my low baseline, so never really quite up to the mood level that most people are operating at.  I mostly went to see my therapist after years of putting it off (the last time I saw a counselor was in middle school but I stopped after I felt she violated my trust -- I'm now in my last year of college). In between those times, I've been basically suffering from repeated depressive episodes spaced every couple years, although recently the interval between these episodes has been getting shorter and shorter. Between my episodes, I'm usually quite apathetic and feel quite isolated from people still. I had hobbies that I was extremely passionate about that eventually dwindled down to nothing. Same with the amount of friends that I had due to my inability to feel connected to them. I am close to my family but I would say that I've never had a relationship where I felt close enough to reveal these sort of intimate feelings that I have. I tend to be extremely private as a person, even to my own family.   I usually give cigarettes to the first one or two people that ask, but it really bothers me when people feel entitled to getting one of your smokes just because they asked. I've definitely been called a selfish bitch for not immediately handing over a smoke. I told her to get over herself and buy her own damn pack.   I went once on my 18th birthday with some friends and my boyfriend at the time. Way more men. It was also very awkward because the stripper that was performing during the time we were there was crying during her dance. I don't think I've ever had to sit through anything as awkward as that.   Nope, but that's never stopped other girls from doing that to me. At the same time, guys who do this are just as much at fault as the girls.   [Heart Skipped a Beat by the xx](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjUX2LESOpM)   No, we'd been in a long-term relationship for a while. It just happened that some girl he met expressed interest in him a month after they met, so he made plans to dump me to get with her. Classy guy.  	10
 Ah. And I'm sure there's ways to protect you from sunlight and fire within the mod. I know you can sleep through the day in a coffin as a vampire, for example. Maybe fire protection armor? Or keep a bunch of fire protection potions / poppets around. Ahhh the ideas!   What the *beep* are poltergeists, banshees and spectres? I obviously know very little about this mod..   I can only agree.   Muddle through with my internship instead of end it right there. Now I'm facing the same talk again in a week. Painful enough.   This should be way higher lol!   I just brought my bike to the repair shop at the train station near work. I was almost back home (45min trip) when I realised I left my keys in. Literally every key I own is on that bundle.  edit/update: The shop was closed by the time I got back there. I had to walk home from the train station and wait for a roommate to come home.   This is the first time I'm doing witchery. I have no idea what is and is not incorporated in this mod, which is the reason I made this post in the first place. I haven't seen that much of it yet to see the apparently obvious connection to the Harry Potters series.   I did but I didn't know there are earmuffs in witchery. Or was that a joke? :P   I had no idea something like earmuffs exists. Thanks! And yeah can do night time probably.   Update is coming soon to our pack. Can't wait for it, also to see the new villages :)   Will do, yeah! I've been reading a little about the Spirit World on the wiki here and there. You spawn there with an empty inventory right? Are there any items you can take with you? What about your armor?  I might build a maze of Ender-Bramble's (had to look them up but sounds cool) as a community thing, don't know. Depends on how easily they can be mass-produced as they're not too expensive.  So far I know just one person who has started witchery, but he has been inactive for a while. I might poke him and some others to do that ritual. Sounds like a lot of fun. Thanks for your reply!   Found after a quick search on the Mindcrack wiki: [click!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ePeYP-MNGA) This is the only bit he uploaded.  edit: video is no longer available as /u/nWW also pointed out :(   Hehe, okay then. I already have creative flight at the moment, I made myself an angel ring (from I believe ExU) but calling storms sounds cool! Also a bit of fooling around with other players can get funny.   Ahh, no that's good. Better even, as my laptop can't run the pack and an internet browser at the same time. I'll have a look at it, thanks :) I should have all books because of one of the current quests.   That's so cool. But I bet it still spawns the mandrakes too. Is there a way to kill them with a brew? Can always put a grinder on it but that's not cool, hehe.   I happen to live at a Y-split of a river with three mesa hills on the sides. One hill is my home base and will have the tech stuff that needs chunkloaded. Second hill will be for magic mods (Witchery for now, but I'm gonna add Blood Magic and Thaumcraft, maybe Botania) and third one is for miscellaneous. Maybe bees, but mesa biomes suck for bees :P So its not a dry moat, I wanna keep the river. I get back and forth between the hills using travel anchors and a staff of traveling at the moment, but I wanna get rid of these sometime. Not sure yet. If I remember tonight, I can make some screenshots of the area and show you what I mean :)   Sounds scary but awesome. I like it!   Ooh, that sounds amazing hehe. Especially how it ignores armor. There are some people hopping around on our server wearing full draconic armor.   Nice one. :) I'll look into it. What's so great about becoming a vampire besides being able to say everyone else sucks?   It sounds like that is possible, yeah. Awesome idea haha. I unfortunately live in a mesa biome so this won't work for me this time. Would be cool to do an underwater base sometime.. hmm.   Ahh of course, familiars. I'll go for an owl as well, I think. They look adorable. I'm sure I'll need koboldite some day so I might fiddle around with that as well. Don't really like/need the broom, I've heard it's a bit buggy while flying around and I managed to get my hands on an angel ring. What are the benefits of summoning and killing Death? Any rare important drops or improvements to yourself?   Oh man that's nifty. Automate the production of these for a cool crop farm :o Is it compatible with other mods? And also, this way of brewing potions, is it described in one of the in-game books (like a list with what each item does) or do I have to browse the wiki?   Thanks! I'll have a look at these :) Killing people in full draconic gear sounds sweet, there are a couple of these on our server. Can you actually do both lycanthropy and vampirism? We're getting the last Witchery update pretty soon, with the vampire stuff and bigger villages. Looking forward to it.   I can assure you, it's delicious. Baked potatoes on the side :) Can also put them in the oven with cheese and bacon.   Mmmm. Put them in a wok with bacon and cheese.   No problem! I need to see his other work because I actually only watch Hannibal.   Hannibal on NBC if you are in for some gross scenes.   I scanned over your comment and read Bryan Fuller and Caroline Dhavernas, thinking "ooh yay fellow Hannibal fans!" But nope :p   Didn't expect to see this here, but I agree.   I'm at currently playing Minecraft in a small but fun community and we recently started doing UHCs. I had never done one before, but I've always watched Anderz perspectives whenever I could. I have entered a few UHCs now and I am now at the point where I take minimal to zero damage while caving. Learned it all from our favourite Swedish guy :)   Nothing specific. They ended with "you probably needed attention because if what happened" and I had some therapy afterwards but not much. Getting better still, lying less and less. I'm very careful with new friends and colleagues in particular. To keep it a fresh start.   No   Hey everyone. Just a quick note here, English is not my first language so there might be a few weird sentences in here. :P  I have started doing some witchery stuff on the server I play on last week. I now have an altar going with ~9k power (x5) because I did the ritual that grows all the trees and plants etc around your circles. I did some basic distilling, brewing and cauldron stuff. It's all nice and fun but I don't know where to go from here! There are 8 books in-game with things you can do and I don't know what's up next for me. Who can suggest me fun, handy, awesome things that I can do with this mod?!  I also got the noble task from one of the server moderators to set up a witchery quest line for our quest book. We have one now, but it doesn't go very deep into the mod. Any ideas are welcome! :) I think Witchery holds a lot of great stuff, I just don't know where.   Mine are a bit fresher than that. Like 6 years ago now. Getting better slowly but surely.   I do that now yeah. It's very embarrassing to look back at.   English is not my first language so I didn't know how to put it down quickly. They didn't say I was a pathological liar. Last thing I heard was that they thought it had something to do with an earlier trauma that I had not processed completely, but instead of me talking about it, I was trying to get "bad attention" via another way.   Ahh that's okay. My story also started with a single "my dad hit me" to one of my friends. She told the others and I got them all worried. One of them eventually decided to seek help for me while I kept feeding the story. That's where it all came out eventually. The therapist wanted to see my dad. My parents didn't even know I was seeing her.   Sigh, thanks. I'm tired and it's not even 6pm.   I have not posted it anywhere before today, I meant the other comment in this thread. But do you maybe know a link to that comment?   Mentioned in another comment as well. I faked that my dad was abusing me. I am not proud of what I did at all. My friends were all very supportive but once it came out, they all dropped me. My parents only kept me in because they're not allowed to throw me out. They had every reason to.   I faked that my dad was abusing me. I think that would piss you off if you had been supporting me as a friend or if you were my mum/dad.  edit; grammar. English is not my first language.   I made up stories in order to get more attention (at least that's how I got "diagnosed" in the end) that went from bad to worse to unacceptable. When it all came out, I lost almost all my friends and my parents almost put me out of the house.   "You are taking away my boyfriend."   Got stung by wasps twice, I'm allergic.   By just reading the comments here, I take it as he still didn't make it. Good, because I don't have time to watch today :p   Ah, missed that :p Never mind me then!   That's not a healthy relationship. Do you wanna talk about it?   Tell me about it.   Have sex.   I'm a bad loser. Just lost a game of Minecraft UHC, ended second for the second time in a row and it gets to me. I'm too hard on myself I think, it's just a game.   Luna chocolate.   Oh is it? Didn't know. Oh well.   Getting tickled.   Just finished one too with a bunch of people from the modded community I'm from. Got second again, getting frustrating lol.   You forgot King.   No problem. Where are you gonna share it? Might miss it haha, not that active.   We don't have any clay in the overworld, only hardened clay.   Fear of hurting him, really, even though I know it will do exactly just that. And I guess you're right, but like you said, I'm young. I have so many years left for me, I don't want to spent the majority of them all alone. :( It's okay to end up alone, when I'm old etc.   A burp?   I don't know either. In some way, I do, but I think I already know the answer and it's just a matter of time and courage.. He's my first one, we've been together for 2.5 years now. I'm 21 and I don't wanna end up alone but I don't wanna force myself any longer in this either.   Mostly when helping others out or correcting people over at /r/feedthebeast and /r/mindcrack :P   4 years old, watching my mum and uncle carry their mother (my grandma) out of the room. She died because of cancer the next day. I only know her face from pictures, I can only remember her back and how skinny she got near the end.   The good: weekend, really, I needed it so much. The bad: doubts in relationship, reawakened trauma, severe moodswings etc etc, not doing good in general lately. The ugly: got a couple new scars.   Even though most of the people close to me are all of the opposite sex, I'd be very afraid and would trust even less people around me.   A compliment I got given earlier this week.   So many women with some sort of knife/tazer/defensive item in their purse :o I don't use a purse, but I carry around my wallet, phone and keys in the pockets of my jeans.   Didn't know what to study yet so I did one of these days where you get to walk along to classes with a student etc. He was there too, didn't even like him haha. One year later, turned out we both decided to study the same so we ended up in the same classes. Another year later, we were together. Still are. Don't know how much longer though.   No, I have learned a lot and I can now do something useful. I knew nothing after high school.   Markup language.   First name   Ending up alone.   A flair is no longer available if you can't pick it from the thingy in the sidebar. You will lose your flair when you pick a different one. As long as you keep this flair, you'll have it. If the flair gets disabled from the picker, it will not get removed from your username.  To answer your last question: all I can think of is that you can make a second reddit account and make a trade through /r/mindcracktrade with it.   Stuff like height and weight, I still don't know if it ends with "th" or "ht" and the more I think about it, the weirder it gets.   He wanted a break from me after he started doubting whether I still loved him. Didn't know what was worse, he claiming to know how I felt about him or he leaving me hang there with some sort of half-relationship, half-nothing. I ended it right there and travelled home for a couple hours late at night.   The only time I get mad at the dog is when she (yes, she) starts riding the other dog. It's a dominance thing but she only does it when we're having dinner.   Glad I could help. Can I maybe see the map?   Frank Turner - Born to Run (original version by Bruce Springsteen). Heard it for the first time this morning but I really liked it.   Food and/or alcohol, TV.   Bennie Hill's theme song.   That I'm good the way I am.   Hello fellow geneticist/bioinformatician :)   Girl in biology class fainted when we were **talking** about blood. And there was another girl who apparently had serious mental issues, I once found her on the toilet floor bathing in blood after she had harmed herself.   Singleplayer minecraft or writing.   Travel. Definitely travel. I have met a couple awesome people around the world who I'd like to visit and I need to pull back from the world around me for a while too.   Hold on in there. I promise it will get better.   Nijmegen, the Netherlands :)   First episode of Hannibal (NHC) amazed me, got me hooked. Season 3 is coming this year, can't wait.   Best: I like helping out others.  Worst: I can't help myself.   Dutch as my first language, English, basics of French and German.   In my first college year, one of our teacher was explaining fractions (1/2, 1/4 etc) using pie charts. We were all at least 17 years old. She was wondering why no one was showing up to the other classes that course.   It was amazing. The tent was packed with people and everyone was just listening. A couple people around me were whispering :P   Tough one, I've been to quite a number of festivals and concerts. Seeing Elbow perform live in a tent with ~35K people while it's dead silent around you is quite magical though.   I was too late buying tickets for Pinkpop last year :( They were headlining the festival.   Sound, yes, but no noise. Just a busy road in the distance or a light drizzle outside is enough once I'm tired.   Running thoughts.   There's a difference between rape (sexual actions against someone's will) and sex with someone underaged.   "How are you feeling today?"   Here in the Netherlands we have something for on your bread. It's a paste from [speculoos](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speculoos), it's really sweet. I once thought my mum gave me a peanut butter sandwich, but it was a speculoos paste one. Not really painful, but it was very, very weird.   How do you deal with this? I can relate to your story and I know I need to work on this as well.   I absolutely love this song. Been listening to a lot of Big Giant Circles since I started watching Sev's streams :)   Saved this post. Thanks! :-)   I can't wait til we get these on our server as well. :) I just started Witchery so I can still choose a direction and the village will probably come in very handy!   I think the most difficult is to pick a path after you've done the basic stuff. Get yourself all the books and make a decision on what you want to do. Then work your way up to there. There is so much choice!  	103
 It was years ago, and tbh I don't feel like looking. Haha.   It was breast cancer every time, but it was a different cancer the first and second times. I think the third time was the same as the second time. If that makes sense. I've grown up with cancer as a really big part of my life but I'm not great with explaining the situation because I'm not really that knowledgable in the science behind it.       Even if this did happen, I'm not sure why someone would proudly flaunt the fact that he basically molested a bunch of girls in his neighborhood...   I found out that my dad had at least two affairs when I was growing up and while my mom had cancer. (She has had cancer 3 times). He was a landlord for several apartments around our city, and he used one of the apartments as a sort of love nest for him and his mistress.  It's not that I don't wish I had found out about it--I'm glad I know the type of man my father was so that I didn't grow up to date or marry someone like him. I just wish that it didn't happen to begin with. But I can't change my father's actions, so now I'm just stuck knowing the person I grew up admiring is actually a huge perv who can't keep it in his pants even when his wife has cancer and his daughter is home taking care of her. And when I think about it, the signs were there all along. I wasn't blind to them--in fact there were several times when I almost blurted out to my mom that I was afraid my dad was having an affair--but I was too naïve actually to believe that my father, who claimed to love me and want what was best for me, would do something that horrible to his family.   College is really stressful and there will be a lot of times when you have so much to do that you think you won't be able to do it all. You *will* be able to do it all, and you might have to sacrifice some sleep or fun plans to get it done, but remember that academics are the *main* reason you're in school--the whole reason you pay a lot of money in tuition every year and share a small room with a person you've never met before and buy overpriced textbooks. You wouldn't want to waste your money, so get your work done. Sure, it seems like a lot more fun to get high and have an ice cream eating competition in your school's late-night cafeteria, but when you wake up the next morning (or afternoon, more likely), you'll feel gross and probably a little pukey and you'll *still* have a lot of work to do. Plus you probably won't win that ice cream-eating contest anyway, who are you kidding.  The best way to deal with the stress of having a lot to do is to plan out when you're going to do things as best as you can, stick with your plan, and definitely try to plan in a way that doesn't leave important things to the last minute. Do stuff that's due Monday *before* you start on things that are due Tuesday. That seems seems obvious, but you'd be surprised how easy it is to trick yourself into thinking you're being productive by doing a bunch of minor tasks due Tuesday that can be done in half an hour that aren't as important as what's due on Monday. You're not being productive, you're just making it harder for yourself to do proper work on your project due Monday. Do your work!  And show up for class. Seriously. It is so easy and tempting to not go to class but it also fucks your grades up. And communicate to your professor if you won't be able to make it to a class. Don't just be a no-show.  Amidst all of this, you do have to make time for yourself and to have fun. As far as social activities go, definitely have fun (but be safe!) at parties, but don't let your whole social experience in college be about partying. Join a club for something you're interested in, even something that seems kinda dumb! It will diversify your resume, you might be able to get a leadership position if you stick with it, you'll probably learn some valuable skills, and you'll make a ton of friends who have similar interests and goals. Plus, going to parties with friends you're in a club with and actually share something with is a lot more fun than going to parties in random strangers' basements with the aggressively friendly but kind of off-putting kid from down the hall who won't stop talking about how you're going to be his wingman all night.  Finally, try to find your textbooks online (I usually go with Amazon) before you buy them in your store. For some classes it may be unavoidable, but do your best to get your textbooks at a cheaper price. (Another fun fact about Amazon: they offer prime to students for free for a whole year. You can order more ramen than you've even dreamed of for a cheap price and with free shipping! Take advantage of the free/discounted stuff you get as a student.)  Sorry for the novel. I did a lot of things I regretted freshman year and I wish I had someone to tell me all these things! TLDR: don't be an ass and make your experience worth the money you paid for it. Have a good year :)   If you have a test coming up, especially in a subject that doesn't come naturally to you, start studying DAYS in advance. Like just an hour or two a day for like three days before the test. It's hard to do if you're like me and have a tendency to procrastinate, but it ends up being worth it and much more useful than cramming the night before.   Also--and I'm sort of going off on a tangent here--talk to your professors after class or during office hours with any questions you have. Not only does it help you out academically, but your professor will be impressed with your initiative--you'll stand out more. This is super important because you'll probably need letters of recommendation for things in the future, and the professors you've built relationships with will be more than willing to give you a great recommendation letter.   Yes, definitely join clubs! One of my biggest regrets from my freshman year was not joining club and getting to know people with similar interests to mine.   Definitely this. Give yourself time to deal with problems. College is too expensive to waste semester after semester failing classes because you're too depressed to get out of bed in the morning because you didn't give yourself time to cope with something that happened because you're afraid of the stigma attached to taking time off/dropping out for a little bit.   Do something practical that you also like, then. I used to go to a school that was known for its engineering program, and I was an art student. A lot of people who were engineering majors would tell me they love art, photography, etc., but they were in school for engineering (even though they hated it) just for the money and to make their parents happy. Conversely, I was doing art because I loved it, but I quickly realized that not only are art supplies REALLY expensive, but the only jobs you can really get in art are low paying and/or boring (like being a teacher, which is low-paying, or being a graphic designer, which is low-paying AND boring).  So I decided to change gears and go into television. It allows me to be creative and express my point of view, but also there is a lot of opportunity to make good money in that field. Try to balance it out for yourself.   Basically any fandom with a name for themselves and act like they're ~2 quirky 4 u~. "Superwholockians" are a good example and like half the reason I stopped using tumblr.   I totally agree with you. The person I saw it with loved it, and I can appreciate the unique approach to making it, but overall it was just like, eh, whatever. The story was awesome and tense at some points but corny at others.   It was beautifully animated, but the story was basically Pocahontas. I can definitely appreciate it a lot based solely on the animation, though.   I think I'm a lot funnier when I'm drunk. I mean I'm funny enough when I'm sober, but just not as loudly. In the words of my friends, "You say the same funny things you say when you're sober, but you shout them."   This reminds me of the scene in 21 Jump Street where Channing Tatum's character does drugs and gets really confident. He goes into his science class, goes up to the whiteboard, and spouts all this scientific-sounding gibberish while just writing the number 4 over and over on the board. He then has a mic-drop moment and just shouts, "FUCK YOU, SCIENCE!"  I imagine this is you and your friends at the bar.   Thanks!   How is it pronounced? I've heard people pronounce it so many different ways--like "immo-GENE" but also "i-MO-gen" (with a hard and soft G).   Once I was tagged there on an old account literally just for referring to a woman as overweight. Which she was. I never said there was anything wrong with it, I just used it as a descriptor when trying to talk about a woman in a video.  I definitely consider myself a feminist/body positive/whatever and I'm sure I would at least agree with some of the points made in that sub, but I feel like they just try to battle what they perceive as meanness with more meanness. I don't think it makes them better than the people they're calling out by basically having a whole sub devoted to causing drama.   I literally just got home from getting a haircut and I hate it. This post resonates with me on a thousand levels.   You're falsely trying to project some image of a hysterical, nonsensical woman you made up in your head onto me. I'm not getting "worked up," and I understand how language works, thanks. I did not think my boyfriend's friends wanted to sexually assault me when they talked that way because I can differentiate between saying something and actually acting on it. I'm not a crazy person, and I don't go into hysterics when people use that kind of language. I just get uncomfortable when people trivialize the idea of dominating a person, stripping them of their agency and humiliating them, by saying they just "raped" a person so casually. I understand the difference between video games and real life--it's not like I feel like I'm in immediate danger when someone casually talks about "raping" someone in a video game, as you keep implying. But that language does connote certain things, and the basic idea of what rape is--the idea of dominating someone and humiliating them--is still present, regardless of context. It makes me uncomfortable when people gleefully talk about "raping" someone in ANY context, that's it, because I myself have been assaulted walking in my own neighborhood, as have *many* of my friends and peers.   Be respectful of my opinion instead of calling me ignorant. If you can't understand that some people feel differently about certain issues than you do and still treat them with respect and talk to them with dignity, I think it's obvious that you yourself are really ignorant.   But sitting in my boyfriend's living room playing video games isn't a competitive gaming scene, it's casually hanging out with friends. I would expect an environment where my friends treat me the way they normally treat me--with respect.  And you posted a whole counter-argument to something that wasn't an argument in the first place, just an individual's opinion. I'm not looking for an argument, I was just answering the question. It's amazing that posting something about just not liking when people trivialize rape and use threatening language can somehow get a bunch of redditors so angry to the point where they feel the need to tell you that your way of thinking is totally wrong.   I mean I do think it's rude to use such sexually aggressive language when talking about "bitches" when there's a group of guys and only one woman in the room. I don't think it's expecting them to treat me differently, I think it's expecting them to treat me respectfully. Referring to women as bitches is clearly a gendered insult. I don't go off on them or anything when they talk like that, all I'm saying is that it makes me uncomfortable and it's disappointing that people talk that way about women, even when it is just "childish videogame talk."   "...you believe saying rape in a video game means guys/girls (yes there are metric fuck tons of girl gamers) want to sexually assault you."  I never said that? I just think it's violent language and I think that it's rude to talk like that. I'm not like crusading against it, I just don't like when people say it in front of me. Calm down, dude. You're turning a simple comment into an argument.    Exactly. I hang out with my boyfriend's friends a lot, and they're all great people, but I have heard them calling women "bitches" a few times, and however facetiously they may have been saying it, it's still really disappointing. Ideally they wouldn't talk that way, but even if they do they shouldn't do it in front of a woman.  The worst is when we're playing video games and they say they "raped" an opponent, though. That makes me more uncomfortable when I'm the only woman in the room.  	24
 Or am I the only one? I'm so used to a "0" being on the right side of that dash that it still looks weird to me.  I still occasionally do a double-take when I see things like:  *WrestleMania XXX: Brock Lesnar def. The Undertaker (pinfall)*  Before I remember that it actually happened.  By the way, here's something fun to do if you haven't already done so: Go back and watch the ending of that match, and look at the reaction of the visible front row fans. They didn't cheer. They didn't boo. They were *stunned.* You could see at least one of them shout "What?!" Others stood up and had legitimate looks of confusion and shock on their faces. It was the only reaction of its kind I've ever seen in WWE.   Yeah, it's Shawn Michaels. The way he changed as a person and was able to change his image has always amazed me. It was pretty much like an actual pro wrestling angle, and he was a real-life heel who turned face.   Let's not forget "Keep it up, mah nigga!"   Colin Delaney   That "Yup yup yup, what it do!" guy will become one of the most over, and simultaneously most credible, wrestlers on the roster. At least for a little while.   That drug-addicted prick who nobody backstage can even stand, except Triple H, is now the consensus greatest wrestler in professional wrestling history.   People remember Kizarny.   Mid-1980s:  Hulk Hogan will one day become the biggest heel in pro wrestling.   Vince McMahon will one day defeat God in a match.  Would people believe even Vince would go that far?   I'm not gonna lie, I thought that was Triple H. I think it's because Austin never smiles and I've never seen him without a goatee.  The downvotes. They are coming.   And will **fire Vince McMahon.**  (in kayfabe)   Daniel Bryan will get jobbed out in 18 seconds at WrestleMania for the World Heavyweight Championship.  "That's not really that unbelievable, WWE hates small indy guys."  But then he'll recover a few years later with arguably the greatest World Championship win in WrestleMania history.   One day, Jean-Paul Levesque, Brother Love's zombie client, and the guy who kicked Mary Jannetty and habitually wore the ugliest sunglasses in the world, will one day be a part of [one of wrestling's most memorable moments](http://metalarcade.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Wrestlemania-XXVIII-28-The-Undertaker-Triple-H-and-Shawn-Michaels.jpg).   It's too damn bad that gimmick was too damn bad.   That giant zombie who debuted at the 1990 Survivor Series? One day he'll become a bandana-wearing, motorcycle-riding, tobacco-spitting biker. For no reason.  Then he'll change back to being a zombie.   During the late 90s:  You know Goldberg? The guy who went 174-0? The guy who nobody, not even **the nWo** could take down? One day, he'll go to the WWF (hey, we're in the 90s, remember?) and he'll be pinned by Triple H three times, the first time occurring in his second PPV match.   That big, muscular guy with Reverend D'Von? The one who just stands around, hits people every once in a while, and never talks?  He's gonna carry the SmackDown brand in a few years and be arguably the most popular wrestler on the roster.   Randy Orton will become the youngest World Champion in WWE history by CLEANLY defeating the man that Triple H couldn't beat in three tries, including at WrestleMania.   But Jeff was so damn irresponsible that I always thought he'd never reach the top. Plus his mic skills are lacking, and they never gave him a mouthpiece to compensate.   And then Brock Lesnar will return after a four-fight UFC career, lose to Cena, then destroy him in the rematch so bad that Cena looked like a jobber. The most lopsided World Championship PPV match in WWE history.  NOBODY would believe that.   I don't think Triple H gets the credit he deserves for putting people over.   Speaking of which, go back to about... 2004, and tell someone this:  "Kane will defeat Undertaker in three consecutive pay-per-views, all while holding the World Heavyweight Championship, twice cleanly, and once inside The Undertaker's domain, **Hell in a Cell**."  They might punch you for saying something so stupid.  **EDIT:** Remember, that's something that no one else has ever done.   Jeff Hardy will become a multiple-time World Champion while Matt fades into obscurity.   Bald, plain black trunks, black boots? It'll never work.   Justin Hawk Bradshaw is now a rich, New York City business tycoon who dresses in custom-made suits and rides a limo to the ring.   Here's one that might cause a riot if you found some hardcore Undertaker marks prior to WrestleMania 30:  **21-1.**   What other changes would make people laugh at you if you told them it would happen before the fact?   I've never gotten this much link karma and lost this much comment karma in the same thread.   Why get picky about semantics? That's not saying that the character isn't canon, it's saying that in the ***MCU***, he's not recognized as Captain America. Most likely because America wasn't even an independent nation when the war started.  A costumed, patriotic superhero whose real name was Steve Rogers existed during the late 1700s in the MCU. I felt like that was interesting enough for a TIL.   Ouch, Reddit does NOT approve.     I hate his spinning and rolling shit.  "And check it out! It spins! -spins WWE Championship belt- :D"   _   I'd like to think the fact that the character even exists is pretty interesting. I personally always like it when works of fiction rewrite history to include fictional characters participating in real historical events.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_incarnations_of_Captain_America#Steven_Rogers_.28Revolutionary_War_Era.29  -shrug-  If this is made up, whoever did so also happens to be really good at drawing characters in the same style as Marvel.   No need to apologize. It's not like you were a dick about it, and I'm pretty sure not being a dick is illegal on Reddit.   http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Khaki?s=t  *a garment made of this cloth, especially trousers.*  For what it's worth, I'm not one of those "The dictionary is always right" people. Language is way too complex for one singular source to be an infallible source of correct/incorrect, considering we have dialects, slang, colloquialisms, etc.  Just saying that some people use the word the way I used it.   And it's also a style of pants.   I still got nothin.   And why might that be?   -light bulb-  Is this where the infamous "Cane Dewey" promo came from?   Was Sign Guy in on it? Or did they wing it based on the sign?  Also, did Foley get a good amount of heat for the change?    Wait a minute. Aren't you that guy from GameFAQS?  The guy with the crush on Beth Phoenix who went to Raw to ask her out on December 8, 2008?  _ Nope. You're thinkin of someone else.      Grabs ropes with both hands, coils and gets ready to leap for a split-leg moonsault, stops, turns around, pins opponent.  Kickout.  Applies headlock.   I wasn't watching back then. What was that character like?    he's been a slow and boring "Look at me half-ass the moves I did well 15 years ago" show for a long time now  Seth Rollins posts on r/sq confirmed    Michael Shawn Hickenbottom though...still questioning that one...  Triple H: -snickers- Hickenbottom...   Another chinlock, R~~andy~~ob!   Why was this downvoted so much? Is it really that serious that I didn't know Rob Van Dam's middle name?   He could tease his high-flying moves and then not actually do them. Like leaping to the top turnbuckle for the Frog Splash, but then climbing back down like he changed his mind. Because that's not what's bess for biznez.   I believe I have heard this. Just like Big E's real name is Bigamus Ernell Langston.   "Alexander"?  I like the idea of him wrestling under his real name, though.         [Expected this](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr02/2013/3/14/15/enhanced-buzz-7775-1363288292-1.jpg)   I think Sandy looks cute. It's her buck teeth I think. They're so adorable!      I think I'd agree with that statement, for a lot of reasons.    I would like to see a Superman whose abilities are limited to Superhuman strength with invulnerability to match - but still possible to get injured when fighting other super powered individuals.  You just pretty much described The Hulk, I think. Minus the whole anger thing.   [Turns out he can't do everything. He apparently struggles with math](http://supermathematics.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/superman.jpg)   What aspect of my issues makes you say that? Just curious, asking for the sake of knowing.   I'm really glad you posted this for a couple of reasons:  * 1. It's awesome * 2. It actually brings me back to my original point (which is a bit of a logic bomb, since you addressed it in the post itself, but here goes nothing)  Ever since you put this post up, I've been staring at it and skimming over it, but couldn't bring myself to actually read it from start to finish, even though I know, like I said, it's a great post. I think if God were depressed, he'd look for something like this to help him get through it. I digress, however.  The way I reacted to this post, considering how counterintuitive my reaction was, angers me greatly. I live in constant fear of panic attacks and severe depressive episodes (or at least *more* severe than my normal mood), so I never take risks. Not even small ones, like reading an epic post on Reddit about how I can beat my depression.  It angers me because it affects my entire life, including any attempts I might try to make to actually overcome depression. Depression might be an asshole, but it's a *brilliant* one-- it's a disease that affects people in such a way that it becomes incredibly difficult to cure it.  A good analogy, in my opinion, would be if the only way to cure a severely sore throat (I'm talkin burning, scorching, "Oh my God, did I drink a lava and magma smoothie this morning?" sore) was to swallow a painkiller that severely hurts your throat. That would suck, wouldn't it? And who knows if it would even work? You'd have to take the chance that you might all but destroy your throat just to try fixing it, and you might put yourself in exponentially more pain than you're already in. And for nothing if it doesn't work.  That's what I go through. Anything I can do to try to help myself makes me feel like I'm cutting bomb wires. Unfortunately, this isn't a movie, so an explosion is far more likely than a stroke of luck accompanied by dramatic music as I miraculously cut the right wire.  I've had one panic attack in my life. I'll never forget it. It was terrible. There's no reason to really go into more detail-- I'm sure you can imagine (if you haven't had the misfortune of experiencing one yourself). Ever since then, I've lived my life around the fear of going through that again. That's why I struggle to get out of bed and get in the shower. Or go out and look for a job. Or exercise. Or travel anywhere outside of walking distance.  The people around me don't help, either. I don't know why I talk about this to people who just make it worse (maybe I'm that desperate for someone to talk to?), but I hear words like "lazy" and "unappreciative" and "worthless." A lot. I don't think I'm any of those things. I think "unmotivated" or "scared" describes me better. But hey, I could be wrong.  I'm also *incredibly* sensitive, and a lot of people think the best cure for depression is tough love. That's not true-- not for everyone. I'd much rather have a pat on the back and an "It's going to be okay" than being yelled at by a drill sergeant. Unfortunately, there aren't too many people willing to be the former, and there are a lot of people willing to be the latter. It's like people are angry at me for being depressed, and that just angers *me* even more.  Oh, and here's another kicker. Since I'm so sensitive and enjoy it when I get a pat on the back, here's what happens on the rare occasions I'm actually happy: It makes me depressed.  "Well, that doesn't make any sense..." No, it doesn't. But I know why it happens. If I'm happy at all for any length of time, people might think I'm happy all the time, and I won't get the support I want. That scares me, because I know I can go from moderately content to severely depressed in an instant, and people in general are not really willing to deal with mood swings. "You were just happy, why the fuck are you all pissy now? I don't have time for this, leave me alone."  So what does this mean? It means two things:  * 1. When I'm depressed, I'm depressed. * 2. When I'm happy, I'm depressed. Just for a different reason.  Think about *that*. I don't even know what else to say.   I stand corrected. Again.  _ Bad day, not in a great mood right now.   Why do people always do this? What's your point? Some people don't know a lot about Superman and find this fact interesting.  Get over yourself ffs.   -nods-  Well done.   I stand corrected. Do you know what year that's from?   Indeed. I believe I also read that anything stronger than a bullet could easily kill him, as could a speeding train.      Oh, I should have mentioned, I am taking medication to try and stymie my depression/anxiety. And the sad part is, right now, based on what I described in the OP, I'd say I'm better than I was before the meds.  But now it feels like they can't help me anymore and I'm still, as you said, "depressed as all hell," and I don't know how to fix it.  I've tried a psychologist, and he would give me things to do that he thought would help me overcome my depression, but it didn't work. The few times I was able to find the motivation to actually do the "homework" he'd assign, it just made me feel worse because it took me out of my comfort zone, and that scares the hell out of me.   I won't waste your time with sob stories or whatever. Bottom line is this-- I feel like shit on a regular basis. Most people have a neutral mood that they're in most of the time-- I don't. The average person's neutral mood is my negative mood, and the average negative mood is "panic attack, maybe I should kill myself" mood (I don't go through that too often, though).  I'm sitting here, right now, as we speak, in front of my 65-inch television, with my brand-new Xbox One (that I just bought yesterday) turned on, and with NBA 2K15, a game that I find to be amazing, started up.  I have something right in front of me that I consider to be a privilege to have and a game that I remember playing yesterday and having tons of fun with it-- plus, basketball is absolutely the sport I enjoy most.  So why can't I get up the motivation to pick up the damn controller and start a game? I'm in my melancholic mood right now, and I have a weird phobia (that I've had as long as I can remember) that something bad will happen and make my mood worse (which would bring me closer to my "Panic attack/suicidal thoughts" mood, which I fear more than pretty much anything in the entire world). This is despite the fact that, as I said, the game is awesome and I have had fun with it. This happens with pretty much everything in my life-- I spend a lot of time staring at my computer screen and doing nothing, or sleeping.  I can see it coming (no offense to anyone), so I'll say this-- I've actually tried the "Just get up, fight what your mind is telling you, and do it" technique. It works less often than not. Even if nothing goes wrong when I'm, for example, playing a video game, I spend the whole time so worried that something will *eventually* go wrong that I can't enjoy it.  WTF is wrong with me, and how in the hell do I fix it?   Are you trying to say that men can't be strippers?  SEXIST   Here's the effect I want:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFi7XJHKVbw  The clip would be roughly that long, and like I said, I'll give you the clip (will probably provide several clips and let you decide which one would be easiest to which to apply this effect). Also, I don't need the sound. Just the visual.  I know that creating this effect is a tedious process, so I hope $40 or more is enough compensation for that. If you feel otherwise, like I said, I'm willing to negotiate.   * John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both died on July 4, 1826, the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.  * [Richard Parker](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Parker_%28shipwrecked%29)  * British novelist Dame Rebecca West was writing a story in which a girl finds a hedgehog in her garden. Just as West finished this passage, she was interrupted by servants who informed her they had just found a hedgehog in her garden.  * In 1899 a bolt of lightning killed a man as he stood in his backyard in Taranto, Italy. Thirty years later his son was killed in the same way and in the same place. On October 8, 1949, Rolla Primarda, the grandson of the first victim and the son of the second, became the third.  * In Detroit sometime in the 1930s, a young (if incredibly careless) mother must have been eternally grateful to a man named Joseph Figlock. As Figlock was walking down the street, the mother's baby fell from a high window onto Figlock. The baby's fall was broken and both man and baby were unharmed. A stroke of luck on its own, but a year later, the very same baby fell from the very same window onto poor, unsuspecting Joseph Figlock as he was again passing beneath.  Sources:  http://web.archive.org/web/20120316202416/http://nephiliman.com/Paralells.htm  http://www.icsahome.com/elibrary/studyguides/education/astopunlikelyeventsandcoincidence  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States_by_date_of_death  I also recall a coincidence about a typhoon or something or another deterring an attack from the same military attempting to invade the same country at least twice. Maybe three times. If anyone knows what I'm talking about, I'd be very interested in hearing about it again.      At first you said "I must not have blanked for a few seconds," so I thought you were being sarcastic and telling me I was wrong.  No harm done. Honest mistake. And tbh, I suspect that seeing Orton instantly put you sleep until he was off the screen. He's been known to do that.   And God's already got his back against the wall. He's 0-1 in WWE!   It was definitely 666.  * 6 = most wrestlers to compete in one Hell in a Cell match * 6 = most Hell in a Cell victories in WWE history by one wrestler, shared by Triple H and Undertaker * 6 = this will be Randy Orton's 6th match inside Hell in a Cell   This is why WWE's hype videos are almost completely unrivaled. I love these subtleties.      Thanks again for the help, and know that I definitely do appreciate it. Unfortunately, those programs didn't work either.  I got a tip from another user and I think he earned the five bucks. Sorry that you went through all this for nothing :-(   It actually did, and it works very well. Thanks for your willingness to help, though.   Tried it, and it didn't work the way it says it would at all. Kinda disappointing since it's specifically for NBA.com.  Good find, though.   No, I checked. Some of the videos on nba.com aren't available on the NBA YouTube site.  Like [this one](http://www.nba.com/video/channels/top_plays/2014/09/26/20140927-top-games-harden-por.nba/)   http://www.vspsedu.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/start-your-success-today.jpg   Unfortunately, that didn't work. It works on YouTube and everything, but on nba.com, I feel like they must have calibrated their videos in some way that doesn't allow you to download the video stream as an MP4, flv, or any video file type that's ever existed (only as some other, weird formats that I don't recognize at all).   http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav  I used to be able to use a program called "Flash Video Downloader," but that no longer works for me (only on this site, just like every other flash downloader I've tried).  The first person who can find a way to download the videos on that site that works with all of the videos gets five bucks, as long as it's something that I can do as well (because if I can't, what's the point?). Maybe there's a flash video downloader program out there I haven't tried that would work, but I'm tired of looking.  PM me if you find a way.   I think requiring that the two verses be "fire," and the fact that they have to be about something that isn't commonly rapped about (school) is worth more than 2 bucks. No offense.   I'll give it a shot if you still need someone   No. I think they changed something about the video format or something on nba.com, because I can still download other flash videos just fine.  It sucks too, because there's a bunch of video on nba.com that I can't get anywhere else.  I'm still looking for other programs, though.   Sounds like they...  **Gotcha.**   Elaborate?   What if the game was on the cheap?   So nobody wants a chance at free shit?  Dang.    tvz for zero. Regrets were made.  Bad game, or just not worth it for a singular character?      I'm thinking about buying Tekken 6, just for Steve Fox. I love characters in fighting games who use traditional boxing-- it's a very underused fighting style IMO, and I'm a boxer myself, so I appreciate it more.  Plus, [I love the way they've replaced his kicks with sways, dips and dodges.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzRlsEdj69s) Makes me appreciate his style as a boxer even more.   What's a "mix up"?    If you're just in an experimenting phase, that's OK  Yeah, pretty much. I literally haven't played any mode other than Practice.    Who do you play in injustice?  Either Nightwing, The Flash, or Cyborg, and sometimes Deathstroke. In the event of the first three, I like quick, agile characters who feel light and easy to move around with, and as for Deathstroke, I have a thing for characters who use guns. Which will explain a lot in about 5 seconds.   umvc3?   Dante, Vergil, Chris, Deadpool, Spider-Man, Wesker, Captain America, Spencer, Ghost Rider, Hawkeye.    Oh and delete that mk vs dc.. that game is ass  :-(   I've never been a hardcore fighting gamer, and I just recently started to seriously get into them, but I feel like it would be a lost cause for me to try to memorize all the combos that are available, plus the special moves and the incredibly deep strategy that's all part of the fighting game experience.  Any advice for a newb on how to improve at a given fighting game (I own Injustice, Mortal Kombat vs DC, and Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3), considering my strange phobia of not being able to memorize all the combos necessary while still maintaining good strategy?  Also, for the record, I don't even necessarily want to be a master. I'm 99% sure I'd just play the CPU, but at the same time, I don't want to just put it on easy and be a button masher. I want to be good at the game and be a strategist.  Please be nice-- I'm just a newb :-(    Skinny is not the same as fit.  I know that. I'm about as far from physically fit as a person can be.   Oh, no, I'm sorry if I wasn't clear. I was actually talking about once I start a job. I feel like it's a good idea, but I'm not sure. I've never actually tried energy shots before, and I take a ton of prescription meds for depression/anxiety and something called Crohn's disease.   I've had some trouble in the past maintaining a high level of energy throughout a work day. Is this a good idea?  I'm going to try my best to start working out consistently soon (I'm not a fat load FWIW-- I'm actually pretty skinny), but for now, what do you guys think?   Still interested?   Name the only wrestler(s) to defeat Goldberg more than once in WCW and/or WWE, and never by disqualification.   Yeah, I've heard how the people in the clip have to be in a certain position for the effect to even be possible to begin with.  Would it be possible for you to explain exactly what I should look for to make the effect possible? I want the footage to be in motion like the GIF I linked to.  Or maybe I can give you an example of a clip I might want to use and you can explain to me why it would or wouldn't work?   It's actually not gonna be footage that I've recorded myself-- it'll be a basketball clip just like the one you mentioned.  Will that still work?   Would someone be willing to create a short Jumper/Nightcrawler video clip for a project I'm doing? [Something like this](http://i.cdn.turner.com/nba/nba/.element/media/2.0/teamsites/spurs/imgs/E775Qom.gif). Nothing long at all.  As said in the title, I'll gladly pay for the clip since I know how complex an effect this can be.  Anyone who's interested can post here or PM me.  Thanks, guys.   I used to use a program called [Flash Video Downloader](http://download.cnet.com/Flash-Video-Downloader-Youtube-Downloader-for-Firefox/3000-11745_4-10825131.html) to collect videos to watch from [the NBA.com streaming video page](http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav), but for some reason, it's not working anymore. The program itself   I've tried other programs such as Replay Media Catcher, and I've also tried other browsers (my default browser is Firefox) as well, all with no luck.  What's weird to me is that on [certain pages on NBA.com](http://hangtime.blogs.nba.com/?ls=iref:nba:gnav), I can download the streaming videos the way I normally used to, but I can't do so on the page I linked to at the beginning of this post.  Anyone have any suggestions? Maybe someone could try a program they use and see if it works?  I'd look elsewhere for the videos, but I've looked extensively, and NBA.com is definitely the only place I can get these videos.  Thanks.   ... oh, my God.   Sure, no problem.  It's a basketball/comic book movie crossover video. It combines NBA footage with footage from live-action superhero movies.  As far as your question about literal slashing/slicing, it is and it isn't. In the context of the superhero films, it is literal, using footage from characters like Wolverine, Blade, etc., and at the same time, it's figurative, because it's being combined with basketball clips that resemble the movie actions.  I can show you better than I can tell you. Here's a good example of what the video mostly consists of:  http://4.ii.gl/ykOrs_HE.gif  See how I combined the two clips so that the narration applies literally and metaphorically? That's basically the theme of the video.  Thanks for your interest.   **NOTE:** This is actually my third time requesting this voiceover. I apologize for this, but there have been complications the last two times. I promise to ensure that this this won't happen again and will communicate with any and all users kind enough to offer their services.  Anyways, I put some links below that have the type of voice inflection I'm looking for. As I said in the title, I want a dramatic narration that evokes strong emotion and implies to the viewer that they're about to witness something monumental-- something *epic*.  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2J2tMsVtn0 * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI0j9Ds3gso * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ8UYtew9NM * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgF-D10VVVc * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9unFBt-ni2A  Here's a sample of the script-- the entire thing (281 words) takes up less than a page in Microsoft Word (Verdana 9 point):  *While their fiery glares are incapable of slaying the enemy, these nearly omnipotent men show extraordinary abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very notion of physical limitation.... magicians whose artistic lethality can slash a foe to shreds with surgical precision and the sharpest of cuts.*  *Whether using the art of clairvoyance to sense what the eyes cannot, or fighting injuries that would disable mortal men, these warriors of the hardwood know not the difference between fantasy... and reality.*  One thing I want to say, and I hope this isn't being too picky, is that with words like "reality," "mortal," and "fantasy," I prefer hard "T"s as opposed to soft "T"s when pronouncing the words (if you know what I mean).  Thanks to any and all who offer.   **Location:**  * Philadelphia, PA (obviously available to provide work to a client in any location, provided a digital copy of the work can be provided)  **Skills:**  * Proofreader, editor  **Contact information (ask for Raymond Pace):**  * Email- rpacejr19@yahoo.com (first preference) * Reddit- train_subject8683 (second preference, either PM or in this thread) * Telephone #1- (484) 494-0817 * Telephone #2- (267) 616-2143  **Why you should hire me to proofread/edit for you:**  As said in the title, I guarantee to offer the best rates for my work-- flexible prices, no job too small or too big, so long as I'm given adequate time to communicate with the client and finish the job (which shouldn't be a problem, since I have plenty of free time and consistent, reliable access to my computer).   I'll also make sure to put your project(s) on top of my priority list so as to provide immediate results well before the due date, and to provide constant communication with any given client(s). I'll do everything in my power to make sure you get exactly what you want as quickly as possible at the most reasonable prices.  Thanks to any and all who consider my services.   I'd definitely be willing to help. I'm an experienced writer with tons of free time. I'll send you an email.   Much thanks.   I'm an excellent writer/proofreader/editor (I really don't mean to brag, but I feel like I've all but mastered the English language when it comes to proper grammar/spelling/word usage/etc.), but I don't have a college degree. I've thought about posting fliers at a local college and offering cut prices, and/or also posting to /r/forhire.  Is any of this plausible? Is there anything else I can do that doesn't require a mastery of a certain skill?  I'm not asking for anything that'll put tons of money in my pocket. Just anything extra I can make-- something is always better than nothing. Whether it's $5 or $50 at a time, I'll take it.  Thanks, guys.      No, but I haven't been successful in getting further than applying for any and all desk jobs since my last one.   I've had a couple colonoscopies, but nothing like that. I just take prescriptions medications everyday and make sure to report to my GI at least once a month.  What complications have you run into with doctors?   What exactly is FMLA?   That's definitely good to know. I'll keep that in mind for sure.  Thanks.   I think I'm somewhat good at knowing at least basic concepts (MOFO, MOFC, Cover 0/1/2 shell, etc.), but I always want to get better.  One thing I'm confused about is that I hear people say that you should look down the field first when the ball is snapped, to see if anything is open deep, and *then* look at the checkdown routes. But I've also heard that you should look at the primary route first-- so what if the primary route IS a checkdown (drag, short out/in, etc.)?   Should I look at that route first or still look deep before glancing at the short routes? This always confused me.  Any advice, guys? Thanks.   Elaborate?   Wow, thanks.  For what it's worth, if you require a feeding tube, you shouldn't feel too bad about struggling with self-sufficiency. I do sometimes as well. It's not your fault, so don't be too hard on yourself. It sounds like you have it way worse than me.   Unless I find a desk job (which, even then, might result in complications every now and then), it'll be almost impossible for me to work full time. I'm afraid that being honest about this up front will lessen my chance of getting a position.  Any advice on the matter, guys?  Thanks in advance.   I'm not in school, I don't have a job, and I'm moving to Arizona from Philadelphia (West Philadelphia, born and raised, yadda yadda yadda) for a fresh start at the beginning of next year.  I have enough money in my savings to pay rent and utilities until I make the move, at which point I'll be attending college in Phoenix.  I've had trouble finding a job here, which is the reason I'm making the move. At the same time, though, I would like to find some way to earn and save up some money to take with me, even if it's only the smallest amount. **To be perfectly truthful, I've got a few dollars saved up, and I want to see if I can buy a PS4 at around Christmas time, maybe sooner,** and then hopefully have at least a few hundred left prior to the trip. There's really no reason for me to just sit around when I could be potentially earning money, since I have the privilege of having more free time than most people in my situation.  Instead of looking for work like I normally would be, I'm mostly preparing for the move or just lounging around. I think my free time would be best spent doing whatever I can to earn money on the side. Does anyone have any suggestions? Anything at all-- I'm willing to sell some of my possessions that I don't use (I've also heard that selling blood/plasma is a good way to get some quick cash).  If you guys have any questions that I can answer which would help you to help me, feel free to ask. Also, if there are any other subreddits I could/should post this thread, I'm definitely listening. I apologize as well if this isn't considered on-topic.  Thanks in advance.  **EDIT :** Instead of waiting for you guys to ask me if I have certain resources that can be used to make a little cash, I figured it'd be better for me to at least give you a summary of what I have.  I've gone through a lot of computers in the last decade or so, which has left me with a lot of parts (chargers, monitors, frames, keyboards, non-working laptops, etc.). Can I sell those for parts at local computer shops?  I also have a semi-working iPod (it's a lot closer to not working than it is to working-- mostly because the power button is screwed to hell and it's a matter of luck to get it to power on, and it sometimes has trouble charging), and I have a smart phone with a cracked screen that I think works otherwise.  I'll update you guys if I find anything else I think I might be able to sell. Meanwhile, I'm still all ears regarding ideas that don't necessarily involve selling physical items I don't use.   Wrestling itself is getting way more meta than it's ever been, with great heels who actually have good characters (Heyman is obviously one-- Bray Wyatt is another) and aren't "I don't like you, me you fight" cookie-cutters.  A lot of times, those heels tend to be devilish/demonic in nature. The Sith Lord comparison was a good one for Heyman, whereas Wyatt molds himself more along the lines of Darth Vader, obviously.   I chose one user, but he had lots of trouble recording. I tried to give him as much time as he needed, but he eventually just told me that I should seek someone else. I didn't hold it against him, and I appreciated his effort.  I remember the fact that there was definitely more than one entry that I liked in my previous thread, but all the samples have expired. If you (or anyone else who posted in that original thread) still have that audition sample from the first thread, I'd be more than happy to listen to it again. Or, if you want to record a new audition sample, I'd definitely appreciate that as well.   "... I guess I'll be taking that milksteak to go, then."    So the language used in this sample gave me a really big fantasy vibe  Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going for. It's a basketball/comic-book film crossover video project, and the wording I used was for drama, especially since it's based on the fantastical element of professional sports.   But a few questions, is this sample a wrap up or an intro for these warriors of the hardwood? Also, what will be playing underneath if anything visual/audio?  The sample is from the intro, but it's not the end of the intro. It's from the middle of the intro, closer to the end.  There's gonna be trailer music playing underneath, with NBA footage combined with footage from modern Marvel/DC live-action films.  Thanks for showing interest, BTW!   Ah, that's a good one. It's funny too, because Dennis (I think it was him) acted really insincere when Charlie first broke the news to him.  * Charlie: I might have cancer. * Dennis: Yeah... can I get that basketball, though? The guys are waiting...   This would be for a basketball project, so preferably someone with a non-regional, American accent, but I'll consider alternatives as well.  The voice-over itself should convey drama and a sort of quiet intensity. Something like a movie trailer (especially relevant since it's a basketball/film crossover project). If this sounds too specific, don't worry-- I'm definitely not picky.  Here's a sample line from the (281-word) script:  *While their fiery glares are incapable of slaying the enemy, these nearly omnipotent men show extraordinary abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very notion of physical limitation.*  *Whether seeing the unseen with extra-sensory perception, or fighting injuries that would disable mortal men, true warriors of the hardwood know not the difference between fantasy and reality.*  Hopefully that sample elaborates well on the tone I'm looking for-- if not, I'd be glad to explain further, and also to answer any questions anyone has.  All offers are appreciated, and I will make sure to personally listen to all of them so as to ensure that no one's time is wasted.  Thanks in advance to any and everyone who chooses to contribute.  Note: I'm not sure if this would be considered long, but the entire script itself takes up just over half a page in Microsoft Word (Verdana, 9-point font).   Might just do that.  Thanks.   I wish I had the confidence to do this. I really do.    What's the make and model number of your laptop?  http://www.dell.com/us/dfb/p/precision-m6400/pd   I'm definitely no good at taking computers apart, even on a basic level.  Also, how can we be sure that the cooling fan and whatnot need cleaning, and that this will solve the problem? I always just assumed that this make and model of laptop had an inherent problem with overheating, even with a squeaky clean fan and such.   And by "funny," I mean "confounding and slightly annoying."  I've had this laptop for about 5 years or so. I can't really afford to get a new one right now (even a cheap one), so that's out before anyone suggests it (although all suggestions are welcome).  It's always had one glaring problem-- the processor sometimes overheats, which makes the computer lag, for lack of better terminology. The cursor doesn't move right away when I use the touchpad, videos freeze, and the CPU Usage shoots up to 100%, making it almost impossible to even use the laptop until it goes back to normal (which usually takes about 3-5 minutes, depending on a number of factors). I can feel right above the keyboard to see how hot the processor is to the touch, and that's a good indicator of how well it'll probably perform.  Recently, my air conditioner broke down, so I had to replace it with a basic oscillating fan. I kept the air conditioner across the room, but the fan is right next to my bed.  The way I'm positioned basically has the fan blowing on me and the laptop at the same time. This has actually prevented the laptop from overheating ever since I made the change to the fan. Unbelievable, right?  That said, there's clearly something to this. I do have a laptop cooler (CM Storm) that I'm using right now, and it undoubtedly helps, but my laptop has never stayed as cool as it's been for the last few days. I can actually watch streaming video and 720 HD without a problem, and the processor (right above the keyboard, like I mentioned above) isn't scorching hot to the touch anymore, ever. It's like heaven.  Now, knowing this, what can I do to emulate the effect that the fan is having on my laptop, if anything? It's truly amazing to me, but I don't want to constantly have a fan blowing on me to get the most out of my laptop.  Any suggestions?  Thanks, guys.   Is that how it works? I thought it matched video with copyrighted material.    My memory has turned to shit because i don't remember any of this.  Probably because this match was basically "Bill Goldberg feat. the Elimination Chamber (oh, and five other wrestlers)."   Beats the gray hair, doesn't it?   If you rewind it a little bit, King sounds REALLY weird. The sound might have been messed with by the uploader.      Well, Frank does horrible things to people, mostly for money, or so that he can "bang whores."  Dennis is such a playboy that he's willing to imply that he'll rape a woman just to coerce them into sex. His D.E.N.N.I.S system also has "scumbag" written all over it.   What about everything Charlie does for the waitress? Yes, he creeps her out and annoys her to no end, but he means well. He tries to do nice things for her and he wants her to be happy. He's just a screwup and is almost as unattractive as a man can possibly be.  [spoiler](/s "And, as seen in Season 8, she actually needs Charlie in her life, by her own admission, no less.")   Charlie... stop wearing clothes you find washing up under bridges.  ... unless you boil them first.   Tie between Dennis and Frank      Yeah. The episode is called "Pop-Pop: The Final Solution."      In all fairness, JBL is good for stuff like this from time to time. I never knew Heath Slater was a Golden Gloves boxer (unless that was made-up; I couldn't find anything official on it with a quick Google search).   And both losses were by disqualification. He has not yet been pinned or made to submit. He's also defeated the team of R-Truth and Xavier Woods in a 2-on-1 handicap match.  For context, record after wrestlers' first two losses (whether by DQ, countout, pinfall, or submission) in WWE/WWF/WWWF, only counting singles matches:  * Brock Lesnar: 11-2 * Kane: 4-2 * The Undertaker: 32-2 * Ultimate Warrior: 12-2 * Hulk Hogan: 6-2 * Andre The Giant: 31-2  Goldberg actually retired undefeated (24-0) in one-on-one matches during his WWE career, with two draws (against Kane and Shawn Michaels respectively).  For the above wrestlers, I didn't count draws towards their records, obviously-- just wins and losses.  There's some completely useless knowledge for you, r/sq. It's what I do best. _  Source:  http://www.profightdb.com/   Is digital art your favorite hobby/activity?    When you're feeling really down is NOT the time to try and do things because when you realise how discouraged you are it will make you feel worse.  This happens pretty much any time I feel down but I try to do things anyway. That's why I feel like I'm getting closer and closer to going for alcohol, to loosen me up a little, I guess.   Make sure you let your doctor know about your suicidal thoughts. You probably already know that already, though.  Keep us updated.   I thought about maybe resorting to alcohol. I've never been a drinker, but I was hoping maybe the fact that alcohol reduces inhibition would take away that feeling.  Do you guys have any suggestions or thoughts on this? Possibly stories of first-hand experience?   He did it fo da ppl?   It's absolutely ridiculous how well he plays his character and the subtleties he uses to do so.  And he's probably around the age of most of us.      [First off, my referral link.](http://mypr.link/1327185)  I'll probably ask a question along the lines of "Who's my favorite basketball player?", and the first user to guess right (one guess per user) will get a PM from me and can request a prize that costs X amount of points at the maximum (depending on how many points I have to spare).  I may change it to every five referrals if I get a lot, so there's more incentive to actually give this a shot.  Thanks in advance, guys.   AJ's theme is about lighting up the sky with shooting stars, and is a bright, vibrant song.  Paige's theme is about ripping stars from the sky and creating darkness.  And they happen to be feuding.   Was it? How long did he have the theme before his exile from Evolution? It was a while, wasn't it?  Was it even a custom song for Orton? I swear I heard that it was an actual song already that WWE purchased the rights to.   "Burn in My Light" also fits Randy Orton's feud with Evolution perfectly.  *Nothing you can say, nothing's gonna change what you've done to me*  *Now it's time to shine, I'm gonna take what's mine*  *While you're burning inside my light*   *I gave and you take*  *And I waited for you but I made a mistake*  *It's clear that your fear is so near to me*  *Because I see the look on your face*  *You tried to hold me under... I held my breath*  *Alone and now you wonder what I possess*   Studio audience: Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww... (one guy coughs)   I like it better when things like this happen and aren't planned.   Well done, WWE.   On my first day working stock at a retail store, I worked from 6AM-12 noon for $7.75 an hour. I am absolutely, 100% positive of all of that.  At noon, me and my two co-workers were given the usual break after the first part of our shift (loading the merchandise from the truck into the store).  First, let me say this about my supervisor-- she seemed to have an attitude with me from the start. She would hang up on me rudely while we were on the phone ("I'm in the middle of working, goodbye" without giving me a chance to even respond) and actually decided to keep talking to a co-worker about what was pretty much nothing but bullshit when I first inquired about the job. I actually had to wait until they stopped gossiping about other people before I could talk to her.  Anyway, at about 12:30 on that first day, I asked her how long she needed me for the day. That's all I said. I said "How long do you need me here today?" I will admit I looked tired, because I was, but she (to this day) believes that I asked to go home early, which I didn't.  Even when she said "You can go home, Raymond," I hesitated and started to say something along the lines "No, I didn't want to--" and she interrupted me with "You can go home, Raymond" again. Fine, I can take a hint. You don't want me here today-- yeah, I was working a little slowly and didn't know what I was doing a lot. Maybe that's because I received no training, not even a pamphlet on how to identify where to place which items (the aisles were conveniently NOT labeled at all). But whatever. I left.  At that point, right before I left, she said she will call me when she needs me. I said okay, thank you. Also, later that day, I sent a text to one of my co-workers, and he said the Monday morning shift is from 6AM to 2PM. That's all I wanted to know from her, but moving on...  After she didn't call for a week to give me hours, I called her and asked what was going on and also why I didn't get my direct-deposit paycheck. She claimed that:  1. I only worked half a day on Monday, which is 3 1/2 hours, so I only earned roughly $23, and 2. That I was a no-call no-show for the rest of that week.  How in the world can it be a no-call no-show if I wasn't even assigned to work? That doesn't make any sense. She said "**I will call YOU when we need you.**" Then she blamed ME for not calling HER and is trying to claim that as a no-call no-show? I don't understand.  And I know damn well I worked more than 3 1/2 hours. I got there before she did (at about 5:45 AM-- was told to be there by 6), started work as soon as possible (somewhere between 6:15-6:25, since SHE was late), and I know if I ask any of my co-workers, they'll say we definitely didn't finish the first part of our shift until about noon, which is right before I "asked to go home."  I didn't get a chance to clock in and out, which would solve all this nonsense (at least the monetary part), because she didn't have my employee numbers ready.  When I asked her about the status of my job after he "No-call no-show" comment, she replied "What job?" Again, I can take a hint. I didn't even bother pushing any further. I told her I'd go pick up my measly fucking $23 tomorrow (in so many words) and I even had the courtesy to say "Thank you" (which actually still baffles me).  Why am I being blamed for everything? And why did I lose my job because she didn't call me back and then told HR that I was a no-call no-show, AND told them I worked half a day, when I worked til noon on a day I was supposed to stay until 2? That's NOT half a day. Anybody can do that math. Places I've worked in the past, your hours don't get rounded down based on when you come in and when you leave. You get paid based on the hours during which you work.  And why does she keep saying I asked to go home? What kind of BS is that? I did no such thing. The fact that she INTERPRETED it that way isn't my fault. I never said anything along the lines of "Can I leave now?" or "Is it okay if I go home early today?" I said "How long do you need me here?"  If I'm wrong, please let me know, and explain why. I'm dying to know.   I didn't mean that specific graphic, just something like it. Was just trying to show what style of print I like.   Basically something like this:  http://www.rothco.com/upload/product/product//66310_HR.jpg  But on a tank top. Is there a place that allows one to customize tank tops with graphics, or perhaps people who offer to take plain tank tops and draw designs on them?  Thanks.   Looking for something resembling either one, or even some possible combination of the two  	170
 Why thank you and greatly appreciate the info. I would like to be involved with nami and think it's a good cause. And I'd like to keep in contact. And the rapid cycling must be utter hell.     	1
 I read somewhere that he's a marathon runner.    My mom wrapped me in a yellow blanket when I was a baby and I looked like a melon.   Get yourself to a hospital.    You have the coolest dorm poster ever. You'll instantly know who your friends are.    That is a mighty large creature you got there.   He's the new shumanitutonka ob wachi!   You have a point, but I think the way it was presented showed that he knew what was going to happen.       That would be awesome, but if the past is a lesson, I'm not counting on it :/   Does anyone know where to find the music from the latest episode?    I tearbended so hard. The feels were too much for me...   I completely understand that feeling.   Imma girl...   Went to BestBuy the other day, just to look around really. I went to the entertainment center and of course, what would be playing on one of the 50" screens, but a certain unnamed movie. Only one thing could be done...I turned off the TV and left.    It makes me sad that yet another thing is tainted with his name.    certainly do.   I'm in the suburbs too. Northwest of the city. Ever heard of Ambler?   Yea! Same here!   Pennsylvania here   Why do I feel like he's gonna be the new Zuko?   I never noticed Lin unlocking the handcuffs! Wow..that's cool. Hmm, I'd to say the whole secret tunnel thing under Sato's mansion. I couldn't help but love the connection to the TLA secret tunnel. In the same seen, when Mako and Bolin tie up the guard, I thought it was great how Bolin just nonchalantly moved his leg to earthbend to make the guard stumble over.    wait..are those tornados? damn!  	22
 I would recommend the Phillips GoLite. It is small compact, re-chargable (lasts for about 3 charges) and provides a pure blue light. I tested the pureness with some blue blocker glasses and it was close to 100%. It is the equivalent of about 10,000 lux. A very nice piece of equipment. It is a little expensive though at ~£100.    I hadn't heard that bright light actually makes people sleep for longer (51 minutes as the article mentions). I though it just changed the time at which they fall asleep. I wonder why they reported less sleep related anxiety? I would guess at a placebo effect there.  I did a lot of reading on the effects of blue light in relation to sleep onset times a while ago. It effects peoples phase response curves to make them fall asleep earlier or later depending on the time of day it is used. I detailed a lot of information about this on my blog at:  http://tinyurl.com/oldao5l     For me depression is characterised by a thick foggy head which makes it difficult to think. The feeling that even doing a simple task such as picking a sock up from the floor or having a shower is like climbing a mountain. I can feel exhausted after getting ready for work in the morning. Depression can make it difficult to enjoy life and isolates you. You do seem to be going down a route of isolation if you are thinking about leaving school - but maybe the early stages.  I was as you describe when I was younger. I hated school and didn't understand why I was there, I still think that schools are really just big nurseries where society puts children so that they don't cause trouble! They are not places of great education in my opinion, they are places that frequently create sheep as fodder for society.  It could be the initial start of depression, I think that racing thoughts are common but they may be more linked to anxiety than depression. The smoking may be your attempt to self medicate. In the long run you may want to educate yourself on the effects of THC when not combined with CBD. It is common for skunk to have 12-15% of THC content but very little CBD. CBD is the cannabinoid that protects against mental health issues.  My best advice is to talk to a counsellor or psychologist but make up your own mind as to whether to follow their advice. They often don't seem to be much use either other than for emptying your wallet - but I am maybe a little cynical as others seem to have had great success with them. Don't be afraid to change counsellors if you do go to one, find one that suits you and that you can relate to.  If you have good parents then maybe you can chat with them and let them know what you are thinking and feeling. They may be able to help with support and advice. I may be scary to approach them but good parent will want to try to help.  Good luck.      I managed to get rid of this but you are only the second other person I have seen mention it regarding sleep.   When the song started I would mentally imagine pushing it to the far corners of my mind. The further it went the quieter it became until it vanished. I would imagine a big hand doing the pushing. Whenever the music starts I did that. After about a month the repetition stopped. It was a bit of a pain to remember to do it but I got into the habit eventually. I often avoid listening to Lilly Allen as some of her songs go round in my head for some reason. As someone else says maybe it is a touch of OCD.  Hope that helps you as well - good luck.   I'm maybe slightly unusual as I think I eventually found out that it is allergies that keep me awake. I don't have a lot of info on why that is yet.  I know that killing dust mites for two hours a week, not eating any dairy and Trazadone has recently been magic for me. The odd thing was that the allergies weren't an obvious thing for me. I also take vitamin D (15 time the RDA) which massively improves my mood but I live in un-sunny Scotland. These videos explain the vitamin D link with sleep very well (http://goo.gl/QqzGw4).    Nice to hear the comments about how other people think the same way as me sometimes. I am an atheist but often pray for a heart attack when I go to bed - a little illogical I know but I like eccentric.   Frequently when I hear about someone dying in the news I think that they are lucky. That might sounds awful from a normal perspective and I am sure that neither they nor their families think that way, but I often wish it was over.   I have never really though about it before but I had never considered whether or not I was the only person to think that way. I never even saw the thought as a deeply sad place to be in until now. It is nice to know that there is some company in that place though even if there is no way to communicate with it. 't would be even better if that place didn't exist and there was no-one there! Maybe I should make that my next prayer to the god I don't believe in.   For me things feel more hopeless as I get older. After 25 years it seems harder and harder believe that I might get better. For me it is that hopelessness that makes it harder as I get older.   I don't think it is irrational at all. For me it is perfectly logical. If you have tried everything to get better, if you have little help and support, if things are falling down around your ears and you have little hope then not wanting to bear the pain any more is easily understandable.   Must try to have hope though, must keep working on it.  Hi-ho, hi-ho, it's off to work I go ...   I'm sorry to hear about such a negative comment. It is easy and justified to feel slighted. I know these comments are hard to take but it is also worth trying to understand things from the perspective of people who don't have depression, especially if they have been a good friend in the past.  They can't instinctively understand the pain that depression causes. They can only form it in terms of sadness and tiredness - which are not the same thing at all. It is work for them to empathise and try to take that additional step into the head-space of being depressed. Sometimes they get it wrong, sometimes badly so. Everyone get things wrong in life, that is part of the learning experience.  Good friends are very difficult to come by. I have hardly ever met anyone who gets in touch with me to see if I want to go out. When I do I value them highly as they are special.   It is OK to feel they way that you do but that is also the thinking that causes isolation. Take a break from your friend and maybe in a few weeks when the pain of the comment has subsided you can arrange to meet up again. Maybe try to think about how you can gently explain how the comment hurt you. If they are as good a friend as they seem to have been then they will eventually take the comment on-board.  Of course, if there is no hope for this person then fuck 'em! Not everyone we meet in life is a good match for us!  Good luck!  	9
    Wow, well that's… incredibly vague. I have a feeling it will be a full two weeks between betas 2 and 3, the latter of which will bring the real Apple Music.   Yes but it's honestly not that annoying to me, for whatever reason. I really hope iOS 9 beta 3 improves upon issues in the second beta in addition to improving overall stability  battery life. At first (in beta 1) I hated the font change, but now I've learned to love it.  New OS improvements like those found in iOS 9 are a large part of the reason why I love sticking around in the leisurely and confident Apple ecosystem, just to see what Apple does (Low Power Mode has been amazing, for example).      **Smoking kills**   Great description. I recently decided that if one were to paraphrase the "high experience" in one word it would be "nostalgia." Just that feeling of longing warmth and comfort. Nostalgia.         Thank you!   Link to the latest Preview build of the Dopamine player (from the developer's Dropbox: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/ssuncmgmk2kat9h/AACoIXL1bRNkpRmu0GFqIUlra/Previews/Latest/Dopamine%201.0.0%20%28Build%20221%29%20Preview.msi?dl=0     	11
 It's the aliens dood    How does one breathe for someone else? Am confus   Ditto   Robocalls? Like Robocop calling you or something?   Why would somebody do something like that? Online videogames gone bad I guess?    You're not supposed to show her the condom.  "Hey Jen, nice of you to invite me over for dinner, I brought this bottle of wine. oh, almost forgot, here's some condoms  *wink *wink"     Thats_thejoke.png   Assassins creed 2   Damned controls, damned trying to jump from roof to roof an plummet to my death   I hope Jack Black doesn't act like jack black because jack Black is always Jack Black no matter the movie   Aren't elephant figures lucky or something? My aunt had a couple but forgot what they meant   Fuck yeh, I can't even watch it and I'm so fucking hyped   *turns on chainsaw * sits in front of tv *fuck yeh  	11
 Hey guys! I had said I was going to do one of these but I have yet to even touch my xbox sice school started but this weekend I an free so tonight (Saturday) at 6:30 I will play ODST woth anyone who wants to!  PPE:Sorry for any pelling errors! Quickly tuped on my phone:)  **EDIT**: Okay now that I am on my laptop, Tonight at 6:30 PM Central Time, I (GT: Troop4921) will be hosting an ODST game night! It will mostly include Firefight but there will probably be a little bit of campaign for those in need of achievements! See you all on the battlefield!   Spartans never die. They just go missing in action. Remember the fallen.    It looks like the monsters from Scooby Doo Movie! Or [this](http://www.zetaminor.com/images/dvd_review_images/scooby_doo/scooby_monster.jpg) for those who don't have kids or siblings   I turned off AWOP cause I had more problems running it solo then I do PN so I think there is a misfunction between the two but I can't place it.    I like looking for 100% lists before completing the DLC's I can't return to. I would say all of Dean's Stashes, All unique suits/weapons, One of each aid item, and maybe all dialogue trees exhausted?    What's the material?   YCS/186 Unique Gauss Rifle   I guess but I use her and everytime I go to check for inventory, I close to shit myself. Scary voicing lemme tell you.   Match ammo, yes.   I started my playthrough with energy weapons and by the time I was level 50 I only used the Anti-Material:/ but I still use YCS a bit    And what is awesome is Rushing Water isn't addictive at all so when I knock them back one after another, it doesn't kill me!:D   I set the requirements high so it would be harder to get. Is 6 the normal level? Cause if so then I should change it to around 8. I thought of it in the point of, your so good at it, Casino's almost make a show out of you coming and everyone wants to play against you so Casino's net a lot when you come around. IDK just an idea?    Rushing Water. Gets rid of that useless Jet and turns my tasteless water into a sweet shot! Love knocking back one then killing Yao Guais with my bare hands!:D   Perk: Luck of the Draw  Description: You sure do know how to hold 'em and fold 'em and for that skill, Casinos never kick you out! You make two times the normal amount of money and have a higher chance of getting a perfect hand in Blackjack!  Req.: Luck 6, Barter 50, Speech 50   [Can't Help Falling In Love by Elvis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5V430M59Yn8)   Don't feel bad. A LOT of people don't know about this right off the bat and sometimes just dawn upon it with 50-300+ hours in game. I figured out towards the end of FO3 on my xbox then kinda just guessed when I got New Vegas on PC.   Marcus and Neil both:(  I really liked Fawkes in FO3 and would have loved for a legitimate Mutant follower.      Project Nevada! So much fun! Add's alot of the cool fun weapons from FO3 back in game!:)   There is a console command that you can use. Just click the item in the ~ screen and type in ~setownership 1 . The item selected becomes yours!:D   Just a good ol' laser rifle for FO3 but with FNV it would be AER14 or Tri-Beam   You new here? And yes, like u/Refleq said, It is the sheriff and his wife and they were killed by the criminals that took Primm over.   *count as bullshit until confirmed* hahaha      Zion Academy for the Physically Talented.   I liked the bobbleheads. There was just so many of them and, imho, they were harder to find.   I just moved so my xbox isn't plugged in but I totally would   So, when did you graduate from Killjoke University?    If your stuck there for more than, say 10 seconds, delete the DLC and reinstall. Otherwise its ~enableplayercontrols   [This one.](http://newvegas.nexusmods.com/mods/37388/?)   Obviously ODST but more specifically we do alot of the firefight, helping people get the achievements for them. Occasionally we will do Reach firefight in all ODST armor.   I, sadly, just moved and haven't had the money to get Champions Bundle for ODST armor yet but the images look pretty sick:)   Thanks but I mean the community:) lol every bit helps!   I'm not too sure as to how my followers came with me but at the start I was entirely OP'd with Arcade, Raul, Veronica, Boone,   Follows-Chalk +ED-E, Rex, and Mr. Peepers the Deathclaw. I sent everyone but Boone and ED-E home cause ED-E is my pack mule and Boone is just my back up.  He was using the Gobi Scout Rifle which, combined with JSP rounds, destroys low-life enemys.   THANK YOU!! Especially the hud command and the fov's. This will be interesting considering I am also taking a photography class.   Let's all give a loud and proud ODST hoo-rah to out very own /u/Afterbang for being promoted to the status of moderator on /r/Halo!  Okay, so I have several notes of business to address. First off, we are very close to breaking our 200 member mark which, for me, is VERY exciting.  Second off, we need more content **PLEASE**! If you have anything ODST related to say, post, or reference, please do! Soundtrack songs, fan arts, poems and short stories, fan fics! Post it all! There is very little we will take down!  Third, Now that school has started for me, I check less often(still close to daily) but I will be trying to arrange at least 1 game night a month! Stay posted for more following once I get settled with everything.  Hopefully you all enjoy our subreddit and keep her strong! ~Mickey, Over and Out    Don't forget he is also the moderator of /r/odst ! Congrats /u/Afterbang !:) Long awaited promotion!       AER 14 Prototype and Tri-Beam Rifle. YCS and the Remnants Power Armor   "The Lord of the Kings"-About the Kings rise to influence in Freeside and how one leader rose to power.   Pause the game Setting  Controls  IDK how to remap I don't mess with that but I'm assuming you click and hold the button you want.   Woah I didn't even know there was one for a spear. Shit. I was using the Unlimited Follower mod so I had to lock EVERYONE outside just so I could go in. Killed off all his guards with Recompense of the Fallen, then pulled the knife and went to work.   Really? I thought you missed a few if you did that. Hmmm. Okay.   The Saints   I like the idea of the Tech Raiders added by (I'm assuming) AWOP[A World of Pain mod). They're essentially BoS without nearly as much order and alot more violence.   I know for sure Honest Hearts does and as long as you don't go for "Chaos In Zion" you get plenty of rewards.   Im doing a small guns/unarmed run currently and it is just so fun. I am with NCR and I raided Cottonwood Cove to get Recompense for the Fallen which, combined with the copious amounts of Rushing Water I have made available, can kill Yao Guai's, Cazadore's, Nightstalker's, and (baby) Deathclaw's with no problem. I would put more points in your Strength and Endurance and maybe the implant for Luck and Agility. I would suggest PN(Project Nevada) cause it gives you an opportunity to get another implant called Razor Nails that raises Crit. Hit and Base Damage of Unarmed.      Perk.    For a town, RTS. Defense gives you a town no bigger than Forlorn Hope. RTS has no *known* limits   I finished building my whole base in like 3 hours and fended off an ungodly amount of raids too quickly. It is really boring once you finish it:(      I just realized how deep in thought it is too. Like, "Did I leave the oven on?", "Did I pay my dealer?", "Did I put on my thong?"      Kinda like /u/SuperSwammi 's Vault .5 Vault 44 Columbia, MO The only people allowed in are people with minor psychological disorders (ie. Bipolar, OCD, Depression, Schizophrenia, etc.). All "subject"s are given 4x the normal dose of their medicine through food and water. After 10 years, they are entirely dropped off the medicines and have to live another 10 years without medicine. After the 20 allotted years, the door will open. Each room is set to bug each persons psychological disorder. So for someone with OCD, everything is offset the smallest noticeable difference but can't be moved. Schizophrenic's will have a small speaker that constantly plays a barely audible conversation. So on and so forth. There will be 1 9mm pistol in each room with enough rounds for every person in the rooms. **PLOT TWIST**: Similar to 101, there is an omniscient Overseer. He has no disorders, and is locked in the Overseer's office until the door opens. He cannot communicate with the people, however, he knows about their drug intake.   And thank you to Creator Afterbang:)   I very much liked The Deterrent, though a bit of the voice acting was rough. I finished the first half of Bounties and [spoiler](/ugh, don't want to relive that ending. Randall was so cool :L). As of now, I am dungeoning A World Of Pain and it adds some pretty hard dungeons that made the game fun for me again.  	57
 I actually took a good friends virginity. I told him I wasn't interested in a relationship, and he was cool with that he just wanted to lose it. It worked out fine, and we're still good friends :-)   I ate an ant when I was maybe 6. I'm not sure if it was really an ant, my cousin told me it was a termite. What do know for sure, is that random ass insect tasted like maple syrup. It was so distinct... I remember being amazed. I've thought about trying it again, but I don't think I have the drive to try various ant-like insects in pursuit of the elusive maple syrup bug.    Same. It's really hard to find those people too. That was what my mom did for me. It's not as easy to implode in on yourself when you have people on top of you making sure you don't. Unfortunately I live with my dad now and while it's a better environment for me, he just doesn't give a shit about that kind of stuff.    The thing is, I've tried being friends with her girlfriend, and we've hung out quite a bit. This change seemed to start when I gave my friend that painting. Should I just talk to her girlfriend and be like "Hey I think of her as a sister, not romantically."?   I don't know if this will get any replies but I could use some advice. My best (and basically only) friend whom I've known for a year started dating this 17yo girl 4-5 months ago. They're great for each other, and she makes my best friend so happy, but I've become a problem in their relationship?     I've felt like we've been growing apart lately, and I thought our friendship had just run its course until we talked the other night. She told me that my gifts (specifically a painting) and texting random thoughts to my friend had bothered her girlfriend. She explained that it seemed like I was being too close with my friend (whom I think of like a sister) and was "thinking about her too much" due to my random texts at sometimes odd hours.     This is kind of frustrating because it feels like her girlfriend just has a problem with our friendship. So r/relationships, I've come to you for advice. How do I work this out and talk to her girlfriend so I can keep this relationship and stop straining theirs?   **TL;DR: best friends girlfriend's jealously straining both relationships, how do I work this out?**   I googled rapid cycling and here's a link on bipolar disorder I found, it might be helpful to look into. See I think knowing would be helpful, because then it's not just this faceless thing plaguing you, knowing what it is puts a name on it and the symptoms- it's not longer just problems you're having for seemingly no reason, it's an actual legitimate disorder and knowing helps to cope with it better.    Distractions do help somewhat, it sucks when you literally don't even have the energy for distractions though. u/rossa8 had some good advice, using music to kinda help direct your mood, starting out with angsty and sad music then transitioning to happy up beat music. Although I would say your cycles sound like rapid cycling which is associated with bipolar disorder, have you looked into that?    This is really good advice, I really like how you start out with angsty depression music to match your mood, then gradually transition to upbeat music. It kinda reminds me of how if you put a frog in boiling water it'll immediately jump out, but if you start with cold water and slowly boil it it'll stay in there. It's like conditioning your brain. I'll have to try this, thank you :-) Bipolar disorder is entirely in the realm of possibilities, as my mom has it, but I feel like my cycles don't really fit it- like I've never experienced mania, it's just been either depressed or normal.   	8
 Radical feminists have taken a real thing and twisted it around to suit their needs.  I saw a radfem accuse a man of gaslighting because he disagreed that she was raped. (She had sex when she was 17 with a 28-year-old)   I have Googled this but gotten different answers all over the place. Some say it's included in the antibiotics that affect birth control, others say it isn't.  I am using a backup form of birth control just in case either way, but now I am just curious.   Related: I have begun skipping the placebo pills in the pack and starting the next one right away to eventually stop my period, at my doctor's suggestion (insurance wouldn't pay for Seasonique or anything like that), and now I have been bleeding lightly for 13 days. Is that normal in the beginning? I am 26 years old, 125 lbs, 5'6.   Pick his nose and eat it.   All fetuses start off female.   I am Pisces. Things that fit me:  Emotional  Highly sensitive  Afraid of ridicule  Dreamy  Doesn't fit me:  Good worker (I am lazy)  Artistic     So...lock up someone who's innocent by law?   My dogs stay at home. But I don't have AC, so they're outside in the shade.   I read the dog died later of internal bleeding during surgery. Why would surgery be required for heatstroke?   Only if you're poor.   Locking them up treats them as if they're guilty.   They aren't guilty until proven so.   I'd say making someone live when all they're doing is suffering is twisted and ghoulish.    I'm 26. I've had depression since I was a child. I've been on medication for it for 16 years.  No, things aren't very different.   If it was my daughter or mother who's lived the life this woman has (depressed since childhood and institutionalized for years) I'd want them to do what makes them suffer the least.   She's been depressed since she was a child. This has been a lifelong struggle for her.   I've been on pills for 16 years and barely feel better.   She'd had depression since she was a kid.  It's just the past 3 years she's been institutionalized.   She isn't asking anyone to feel bad for her.  She's just through suffering and wants to end her life, and it's her decision, no one else's.   If you have a mental illness GET OFF YOUR ASS AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!111!!!   They aren't being killed on request. Patients requesting it are assessed, monitored, and studied before anything is done.   You do realize that these programs are monitored and the patients assessed, right? It isn't like you can walk into a room and ask a doctor to shoot you.   ODing on pills often involves convulsing, vomiting, etc.  Physician-assisted suicide is painless and quick.   She's had depression since she was a child. This isn't something new for her.   I've had depression for over 16 years.  I can understand this woman giving up.   She's been treated since she was a child, so this depression has lasted years.   And many people who attempt suicide later try it again and again until they succeed.  Not everyone who jumps regrets it.   It seems this is a last resort. She's been in treatment for it since she was a child and has been institutionalized.   She also has a team of doctors who have said it's a reasonable choice for her to make.   I haven't killed myself because I have some loved ones who I don't think could recover from it, not because I'm afraid of death.  Plus, I think if I died my cat would end up at the pound.   Everyone feels depressed sometimes, but there is a huge difference between the emotion that people sometimes feel and the illness.    If she were to be handicapped by a different disability like being paraplegic we would encourage that person that there is a way to work around the disability in life instead of agreeing with them that life is now pointless.  Well, I'd kill myself in that situation too.   There is something wrong. Mental illness causing suffering.  The WHO has said mental illnesses are among the most debilitating.    How would you know that? Her doctors, who have tried to help her again and again, have said it's a reasonable decision for her. They would know what treatment she's had.  Depression isn't always curable.   As someone who's suffered from depression for over 16 years...sometimes life isn't worth it. I've yet to experience anything to make the years of misery worth it.   She's been treated since she was a child. She's been institutionalized more than once. If she feels she's been put through enough, I completely sympathize with her.   I've been on antidepressants for 16 years. I'm not better yet. Can I end it now?   She's not getting better.  Exactly. That's what I wish people in this thread would realize. She's been treated since childhood and institutionalized more than once.  They don't want to acknowledge that sometimes depression is so severe that it can't be treated property and it's cruel to make someone continue living with it.   She's been suffering since she was a child. As someone who's had the same experience, death is a better sentence than a life like that.   Funny, the WHO says mental illnesses are among the most debilitating.   She's been treated for depression since she was a kid and institutionalized more than once.  It might not have a cure in this case.   I'd certainly kill myself.    Mental ailments can be just as debilitating.    Because 9 more years of soul crushing depression is nothing, right?  She's been suffering from it since she was a kid.   People said someone who's been treated for years and institutionalized for years would be able to end their life when none of it worked and they were sick of suffering? The horror!   She's undergone treatment for years and has been institutionalized more than once.  At some point, you have to acknowledge that someone is suffering and isn't being helped.   Except this woman has undergone years of treatment and being institutionalized. At some point, you have to acknowledge that someone isn't being helped and it's cruel to make them keep existing.    Unless you have a chemical imbalance in your brain, it is always possible to change your outlook on life.  Which she most likely does. She's been treated for depression since she was a kid.   She has a mental illness. This isn't simply a case of not giving life a chance.   She's been treated since she was a child. It hasn't worked.   As someone with depression myself, I find death to be a lot less scary and difficult than life in any case.   They warned people with in-treatable depression would be allowed to end their suffering? Oh, how horrible.   And this is more selfish than forcing someone in constant suffering and misery to keep existing for your own benefit?   She isn't asking for your sympathy. She's asking for a release from a disease that's plagued her since childhood and it's really no one else's business.   Exactly. I'd copy and paste this comment a lot in this thread if I could.   Did you read the article? She's been treated for it since she was a child.  It isn't always as treatable as you think.   It's probably a chemical imbalance.   Damn mentally ill people, not pulling through like everyone else!  She isn't asking for your sympathy. She's asking for a release from a disease that's plagued her since she was a child and hasn't responded to treatment.    fucked up painful conditions  Depression fits this perfectly. This woman has had it her entire life and treatment hasn't worked.   It seems as though they've attempted to treat her depression since she was a child.    even though she does not have a terminal or life-threatening illness  Depression certainly is a life-threatening illness if severe enough.   I think they meant physically healthy.   I'm okay with it.   Spaghetti, sauce, Parmesan cheese, and juice.   William the Conqueror's granddaughter.   Citation needed.   Yep. And in one book, not only was Henry II Stephen's son, but Matilda had to high-tail it to Normandy the moment she learned she was pregnant so she could sleep with Geoffrey and Geoffrey would think he was the one who impregnated her.  I can see one crappy book doing it, but three? Just...why? Why do Matilda and Stephen have to be doing it? What's the attraction in that?   Well, GOT doesn't take place on Earth. So maybe their armor is really heavy.   Conservatives say "over-educated" all the time and I never understand why being educated is bad.   SRS is so annoying I enjoy having them around.   This is addressed in Striped Pajamas, at least!  The kid keeps asking what that weird smell is.    I can also buy that a child would make friends with a jewish boy, even though there were efforts to indoctrinate even children.  It's doubtful a child in a concentration camp would have been allowed to sit by the fence for hours on end and chat with the neighbor though.   I've never read the book, but I saw the movie. I thought it was pretty shitty and I rolled my eyes for the entire ending.  Forget the inaccuracies, it fails even as a good story.   Nah, it was the bat. Rasputin was innocent.   They can. A lot of those programs are run by religious organizations.   Dumbo was sort of progressive for its time though. The crows were very stereotypical, but they were also the ones who helped Dumbo fly. That's impressive for 1941.   Because a lot of gay and transgender kids end up getting thrown out of their homes by their parents.   I fear getting hit by a car because people fly down my road.   Egalitarian societies (early hunter/gatherers were relatively egalitarian) had marriage, so stop it.   Conservatives don't care as long as business gets the preference.    I'd agree, certainly.   No one is banning the sale of the flag. Businesses are choosing to no longer sell it. You can also fly it on your own personal property if you wish.  But it shouldn't be flown on public lands because it was used to keep black people down and spread hate and violence. Black people own that public property as much as you do. Their tax dollars shouldn't go towards keeping a symbol of their oppression flying. Would you support Germany flying the Nazi flag? It's *just like that*.  The flag was *created* as a battle flag and a rallying point for troops fighting to be allowed to keep black people as property. You're acting as though it already existed and they just used it. They created it specifically for use in the Civil War. It has no other origin or use before that. If you find pride in that have fun, but the rest of us know it was created for the sole purpose of fighting to keep other human beings as chattel.   Do you really want your regional identity to come from the fact that you fought tooth and nail to keep others enslaved?   And people still insist it isn't about racism.   Some people will say it isn't up to government to regulate business, even to stop them from abusing their workers. "If they don't like where they work, they can go somewhere else."   It makes it possible to prosecute people who shouldn't have guns for having them.  As long as you aren't violent and can pass a background check, no one cares about your pistol or rifle.   I like to read historical fiction (I can ignore the badhistory for the sake of a good book as long as it isn't too absurd and the book is good), and I have noticed some details seem to get recycled from book to book.  For instance, I have read three novels about Empress Matilda. In every single book, her eldest son (future king Henry II) is actually the son of Matilda's rival, Stephen. Matilda's husband, Geoffrey has never a clue.  Why three different authors decided to include this bullshit, I'll never know.   Carolly Erickson likes to make characters gay for the sake of it it seems. Most of her books are so bad I read them for the lolz.   I don't doubt that younger women have a higher risk for complications, but it's a misconception in history that women married extremely young. It certainly happened sometimes, but not as often as you'd think. For example, the average age of marriage for women in Tudor England was 25.  Most women weren't having babies under the age of 20.   You can acknowledge that things happened and acknowledge that they were bad.  But that isn't the same as apologizing for something you had nothing to do with.   No...it isn't the law to implement single payer.   As for costs, single payer would cost less than what Americans are currently paying for healthcare.   An apology is usually a recognition that someone did something wrong and that they are remorseful.   What's the point if the people who hurt others aren't doing either of these things?   It isn't illegal to casually photograph someone in a public place where they have no expectation of privacy. At least not in the USA.   Rule of thumb, if you have a device that is capable of using twitter, then you don't need more money  Eh. Laptops are pretty cheap now. I got mine for Christmas.  But I'm still poor. Minimum wage = ouch.   A lot of struggling artists put their stuff up themselves for exposure.   Let me answer these, as a woman.  ask him what he does before he leaves his house to avoid getting raped  Nothing.  Ask him what tactics he uses to keep his drink from being spiked.  None.  Ask him how many of his male friends have cried on his shoulder after being raped.  None, male or female.  Ask him which men's magazine has offered tips to escape a rapist.   Men's magazines also don't share tips on how to avoid being assaulted in general despite men being more likely to be victims of general assault than women.  Ask him what areas/times he has identified as high-risk.  None.  Because women all have detailed answers to these questions.  I've just proven this to be BS.   What do you mean "proper tools to take care of themselves"? You still need medical care sometimes even if you take care of yourself.  And America currently spends more than any other country on healthcare despite having fewer physicians, hospital equipment, etc. Our life expectancy is below many other developed countries as well.  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/  Private, for profit healthcare is expensive.   This would be servicing 100% of the population, not a small percentage.  And we'd spend less than we currently do on healthcare now.   Yeah...would be nice wouldn't it?  Too bad we have conservatives in the way.   And despite our medical care being the best, our numbers aren't the best when it comes to life expectancy, infant mortality, etc. Those other countries beat us out on all of that.   Because moving is easy and cheap.   Do you think countries with single payer healthcare don't have nurses?   Should we privatize the fire departments and public schools as well?  If you can't pay the fire department, kiss your house goodbye! Can't pay for your kid's education? Hope they learn how to read some other way!  Americans accept socialized programs we already have, but healthcare is just too far?   I propose we start downvoting everyone who starts posting idiotic comments about "free" healthcare as though we aren't all perfectly aware it would come out of taxes.  If people want to debate against single payer that's fine, but if you just post about how dumb Americans are because "whoo whoo, free stuff for all, no one has to pay anything!" as if you're making a valid point, you're adding nothing to the conversation.   Countries with single payer have a higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the USA.  So yes, sometimes government is the answer.   Well, right now countries with single payer systems have a higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the US.  So our private, for profit healthcare is what's terrible at its function.   In other countries it's worked out great: higher life expectancy and cheaper healthcare than in the USA.   If you don't want government sponsored healthcare, you can still buy private insurance in a single payer system.   They didn't even implement it.   It costs less than the system we have now.   There are 300 million guns in the USA, but they haven't stopped most mass shootings.   And yet the US has more gun violence than almost anyone.   As if they can do anything to stop it anyway.   No one has to apologize for the actions of anyone else.   If you want to continue your life despite being miserable most of the time, that is your choice and it's your right to make it. If your dad does the same thing, that is his choice and his right to make it.  But if someone doesn't want to do that, it's their choice and it should be their right to make it. If you think life is worth it despite the misery, that's fine. But someone who decides it isn't worth it after treatment has done nothing but fail isn't incorrect in their decision either.   Sanders. Clinton is barely a liberal.   My nipples would be as hairy as a lot of men's if I let them go.   As someone who knows what it's like to suffer depression, I've always condoned suicide if the person really feels they have nothing left.   Okay, you told your story. Let me tell mine.  I've had clinical depression since I was a child. I remember thinking about suicide when I was 9 years old. I was put on antidepressants when I was 10, and I've been on them for 16 years. Nothing has changed. The antidepressants take the edge off, but the misery, despair, and pain is still there as much as it ever was.   Things change? They do sometimes. And sometimes they don't. Look at the recent suicide of Robin Williams. That man had depression for *4 decades.* It never changed for him despite years of treatment.  Suicide when one is depressed isn't selfish or childish, nor is it an easy way out. It's a response to not being able to stand the suffering anymore. Would you judge someone who suffered constant physical pain so terrible they couldn't leave the house for one day deciding they've had enough?   Mental illnesses are the one area where people judge you for not being able to take your disease any longer.   They're dangerous to people who can't be vaccinated because they have bad immune systems.   They way you view anti-vaxers is how elitists view free range parents.  I haven't heard of any medical associations pushing against free-range children as serious dangers to themselves or others.  Yes they chose not to vax their kid. Yes their kid paid the price. This is the real world. People die. Yes it was preventable. Most cases in which people die are preventable.  And many of those times, those preventable deaths are a crime when they involve negligence.    Burn them alive? No.  Put them in jail for child endangerment the same way we would if a parent hadn't put their child in a seatbelt and they died in a crash? Yes.   Diseases have killed and disabled far more people than vaccines have or ever will. So even if it were true that vaccines were that dangerous (they aren't), it would still be worth it to get them.   Except in this case, *people we disagree with* are guilty of child endangerment.   Would you show respectful debate towards someone who refused to put their baby in a carseat?   Vaccines have killed far fewer people than diseases have.   I have no idea how women forget tampons. I have always been aware when I am using one.   Someone is about to complain about your use of a gendered insult. Be prepared to roll your eyes and remove it.   The concept of someone who owns property and rents it out to someone else?   Seriously...I was too horrified by the picture of the slaughtered dog to read the story.   Is it public for everyone to see? If so, no invasion of privacy.  	126
 I'm still doing research about this, but when my OCD first started I thought it was schizophrenia. I think I was having a psychotic episode for about four years. During that period of time, I was delusional. I thought that the devil was sending demons into my thoughts to steal my soul. I thought my compulsions were ways to fight the devil. Then I realized that they were not demons   I didn't seek treatment until four years after my symptoms started. I initially thought it was schizophrenia, so that's why I waited so long.   I started counseling in Fall 2013 and have been going since then. I also take medication. I think ERP therapy is the most helpful with dealing with obsessions. It is also the hardest type.   Feel free to PM me if you have any more questions   I have not. The last time I cried was almost seven years ago. However, I would not judge a friend if they cry in front of me. I hope you're doing okay, OP.    I will probably take some of my weaknesses to my grave. That may be sad but it is honest. I definitely cannot show how sensitive I am or when I'm hurt. Everyone has their moments when they just want to be held. Everyone has their moments when they want to be little spoon. But as man, I am expected to erase all of those sentiments from my memory.   The world is not a good place.    And the thing is, it started with my parents and was perpetuated by all of society    In the sports world, a pat on the butt is common    You are not alone. I experience them as well and it can be very frightening. The trick is to handle them without rituals.    Although my dad and I have had a rough relationship, I know that he is trying his hardest. His dad passed away when he was really young, therefore, he went through a lot of emotional damage.   I tell him I love him very often and I don't fault him.    I was just curious as to how long you have had OCD. I'm 23 too and mine started when I was 17. I can really relate to what you were saying about not knowing what was happening to you. I thought it was schizophrenia at first.    How old are you now?   Gods and Monsters is a classic of her music. Does your username relate to her Video Games?    I fucking love Lana Del Rey! She has this 1920s mobster wife sort of vibe to her style. Also, Video Games is one of the most beautiful songs I know.    Taking off my shirt in public    The new Mumford album   A button up, khakis or chinos, and either Clarks or tennis shoes   Well, maybe I am the problem .....    I have no problem with sacrificing. I really don't care  but I feel that if a guy was telling his girl how to dress, this would be a completely different story. But you win some and you lose some, I guess   I've often been told that I'm stubborn because I don't want to listen to their fashion advice. But yes, if I do what they want then the relationship gets better.    NO  *edit: Just kidding. They always tell me they like my style, but it's like my style is never good enough without their help.    Dear AskMen, please help me. Whenever I'm dating or talking to a girl, she has often tried to tell me how to dress. Basically saying, she hates when I wear this or I shouldn't wear that or she really likes when I wear a certain shirt. It drives me crazy because I don't like being told what to do.   So AskMen, please help me. Am I the problem or is she?    This could be us, but you playin .....   Ever since I was a baby, I have always had a big butt. I've just come to accept it. Now that I've gotten in shape, I actually have some muscle there instead of fat. The ladies seem to like the butt.    "but he gotta eat the booty like groceries"   [she said it, not me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPxVSCfoYnU)   I think the bigger issue is society's definition of masculinity versus authentic masculinity. In other words, society often expects men to be unhuman. Men are real people and some of those people have illnesses. However, society has a hard time grasping the concept that men have emotional needs.   Ultimately, mental health issues do not make a person weak and until society grasps this concept men will continue to suffer in silence.    I use regular shampoo and conditioner on mine and I've never had a problem    This is confirmation that I am really a dog at heart   I wonder will I have to be on medication for the rest of my life.    I think for me, I could notice a difference about a month in from using Luvox.    "I'm not crying, I'm just allergic to jerks!"    The way I was raised, this was such a routine thing. However, this does not excuse the behavior. I know that I will teach my kids the value of talking without using your hands.    One benefit that I could see is that I wouldn't be seen as less of a man because I like being little spoon/being held.    Wasps (the insect for all of you smart asses)   I'm pretty sure it's not fat because I can move it up and down around my ribs. Last year, I had my body fat measured as 10.8% and I still had the same problem. But, I could be wrong    I lost 40 pounds in a year and I think that might have been too fast. Consequently, some of my skin has tightened but I still have a skin pouch around my stomach. I am certain that it is not fat.   I would just like to hear about your experiences. After how many months did you start to notice your skin resume to the tight state?   Hey, now      Your friend's story sounds very similar to mine. I hide it very well. Also, when it started to become progressively worse, I distanced myself from everyone. Now, a few friends and family know. And I just told my parents recently   In other words, has anyone turned you away or discouraged you from mental health help because you are a man? I know this is the stereotype, but I would like to hear about your experiences.    One of my counselors suggested a great way to do this: He gave me a phrase to help explain it to people "I'm just telling you this because I want you to know".   Mental health is very uncomfortable to talk about for numerous reasons. However, if you phrase it that you want to let someone know about it, it makes the conversation seem more of discussion.   I used to be the guy who would wear a shirt in the pool and everyone hated it. Then, two things happened  1) I realized that no one really cares that much about how you look. 2) I lost 40+ pounds and since then, have become more comfortable with my body. It's an everyday effort though. Fitness is a lifestyle    OP, you are your own man; pee in the method that you enjoy. I don't even see how efficiency is relevant. It does not take lightyears for someone to sit down on a toilet.    I had blonde highlights once. My family was surprisingly very supportive, except for my grandfather. Some friends liked it, others hated it. Personally, I did not care.   I dyed my hair for me. Not for the purpose of others    I have a similar problem to you, OP. I used to be overweight and I recently got into shape. However, I still have a big butt and big thighs. I have the problem where I have to buy pants that are too big in the waist but actually fit in the butt and thigh region.   Companies don't make pants for guys with slim waists and big butts. It sucks.    I misread your comment. I meant an actual bar tab. Sorry for the confusion, blame the hangover   Your comments always make me laugh   Money spent at a bar in one night   Did you lose a significant amount of weight? It may be extra skin left over from being bigger. I'm having the same problem   I guess I'm the only one who goes back to front ....   I spent way too much at the bar last night. Help me feel better. What is the most money you have spent at the bar?   *edit: your individual amount that you owe one bar at the end of the night. sorry for the confusion   This rarely happens for me, but a girl earns so much more points in my book if she makes the first move. Actually, girls who do this turn me on. I like girls who are bold or daring.    I don't miss her but I do miss the times that we had together. Those times will always be special to me. I lost my girlfriend, but I also lost my best friend.   But, she was wrong for me. I try to remind myself that was then and this is now.    Stereotypical gender roles say that a man should do the pursuing (e.g. the first move, asking for a date, going for a kiss). Have you ever had a time when a girl pursued you? How did it make you feel?   In the past, my relationship with my parents has been extremely rough; it is a difficult and complex situation. We are trying to work on it though.   I would say I'm closer to my mum though.    I have a hard time actually being honest in groups. But I can definitely argue that from my experience, talking with people who share your mental illness is beneficial because the other person understands.   	54
 Wow! Your reply made me laugh :) thanks for such a detailed response. I've got all your links open in the other tabs and I'm going to check them all out.   Your last paragraph got me the most, it really hit home (I do have a confidence and self-esteem problem) I'm going to use it as motivation! Thanks again ♡   I don't really enjoythe process of anything if I spend hours of work and I've nothing to show for it though :/  	2
 I will try the exercise. I could use fresh air. Although I'm also looking for a reason to get myself up. That might be too much too ask considering an answer to that would be multifaceted, I don't know. Even a quote or an anecdote might help, honestly.   Maybe this is a stupid thing to ask of you. I'm sorry. I've been struggling with dysthymia (diagnosed, sorry to say). Sometimes I feel okay because I think I'm getting out of a rut and there are still two things in the world that I care about. I'm passionate about certain subjects, but I simply cannot bring myself to work. I have hours of work left on my plate today and I have two quizzes and all my homework due tomorrow. I don't want to do terribly this semester, especially since I've already dropped down to lower-ranked classes, and finals are coming up soon.  I could stay up and finish my work overnight. But I would be so exhausted and miserable. If I do stay home tomorrow, how would I make myself catch up and work to start Tuesday fresh and prepared?  What do I do in this situation? I don't want to be like this.  	2
 Oliver Season 1 - *"Nobody can know my secret"* / *"Malcolm Merlyn, You have failed this city ... The Undertaking. It ends now."*  andnbsp;  Oliver Season 2 - *"The city still needs saving. But not by the Hood. Or some vigilante who's just crossing names off a list. It needs something more."* / *"Yeah, I'm done. I'm done taking the blame and I'm done caring. Why don't you go have a drink. Get wasted. Go to Verdant. I'll pay for it. I have loved you for half of my life but I'm done running after you"*  andnbsp;  Oliver Season 3 - *" It's more than that. I just... John, tell me honestly... What have we accomplished?"* / *" I don't even have a regular plan."*  andnbsp;  ___  andnbsp;  Yea something definitely changed in Season 3.  ___  Links to scenes:  * [Nobody can know my secret](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWKAlMNRCTk) * [Malcolm Merlyn failed this city](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqQgDFwcYIg) * [Oliver shuts down Laurel like a boss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsdXsgz7890) * [What have we accomplished](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f9HGRYX0So)   It upsets me that when you search for fanfiction on Wattpad, all you get is something about One Direction or another boy band or YouTuber. Whatever happened to things like idk Spongebob meets Jimmy Neutron, or Avengers vs Justice League, or something that takes a character from a book/tv show/movie and expands their story? What also upsets me, is that if it's not about 1D/YouTubers/etc., it's about Twilight or some movie/show and it always focuses on romance.  andnbsp;  I have recently become quite fond of writing, and I would just like to voice my opinion.    NOTE: I do not mean to offend anyone, any fandoms, or the authors of the fanfiction genres I dislike.    Truth is, this is my first time ever watching a show live. I binged watched Season 1 and 2 then starting watch Season 3 live around 'Draw Back Your Bow'.  andnbsp;  and it scares me to think, that it could end soon :'(   Correction:   andnbsp;  *Lifts Vibrating Hand*   Do you know how hard it has been to keep all of this from you, especially from you? Because the truth is, I've grown quite fond of you. And in many ways, you have shown me what it's like to have a son.   andnbsp;  *"it" happens*  andnbsp;  Forgive me, but to me, you've been dead for centuries.   me too haha.   ;~;    he can still guest star or come back in later seasons.   True.    No he doesn't, Harrison Wells asks Felicity to tell him The Arrow's real name, to which she refuses, saying "That's not my secret to tell" (Which is what Oliver told her when they revealed his identity to Barry in Season 2)   Then when coming up with a plan to stop ape-shit Barry, Wells tells Felicity to call Oliver Queen, because they'll need the Arrow's help.   First off, we know that H.I.V.E., Damien Darhk, and some more Diggle stuff will be covered in Season 4. But lets look at all of the things they haven't covered.    (Feel free to give me more things to add to this list in the comments below.)  andnbsp;  * There's no way the China White (Chien Na Wei) story is over * We've barely seen Komodo * We haven't seen Onomatopoeia * Slade Wilson and Digger Harkness were former ASIS members and are both imprisoned on Lian Yu... coincidence? * More Katana? * If Oliver meets Hal Jordan or anyone else in Coast City in Season 4, I don't think their relationship will only last 1 season * Oliver's child * Merlyn Al Ghul :o * Though I doubt they'll show this, Lyla Michaels has powers in the comics. * What if they finally get Blue Beetle on here * More Diggle/Felicity villains * I hope to see more Brick * I can't believe they kinda threw this character away but hopefully there's some way to bring him back, Constantine Drakon * Jake Simmons/Deathbolt was in Opal City when the particle accelerator went off (Probably will be covered in The Flash though) * Roy Harper, what's gonna happen with him, will he ever be able to come back to Starling City * Starling City officially becoming Star City? * Sara is back, Quentin Lance reaction to that? * Cyrus Gold.... Solomon Grundy? o_o * The Huntress ?  ___  Okay, that's all I've got for now  ___  **EDIT:** More uncovered things:  * Russian mafia flashbacks * Raisa, the maid from Season 1. * Thea meeting Barry.   Well groddamn.   We all know Eddie, Eobard, and Roy Harper are pulling a Malcolm Merlyn, they'll be back in the latter half of Arrow S4 and Flash S2 then be season regulars in S5 and S3. xP   andnbsp;  EDIT: and by Eobard, I mean Matt Letscher from the flashbacks and a brief moment in S1E23   My 2 theories are:  andnbsp;  * He heard Felicity tell Barry "How'd it go with Oliver ... Did he really do the thing with the arrows" * He asked Gideon   "You possess true courage".   Because in the song 'Uptown Funk', he says "Don't believe me just watch"   Damn... if that's what he mean't, we're screwed. I'm fine with Olicity to an extent, I personally loved those scenes where Felicity would say something inappropriate to Oliver then have an awkward pause, or the "You're my partner", "When you are there (Central City)… it just made me realise how much I need you here.", and "You'll always be my girl, Felicity" scenes. They just need to learn how to balance the romance and the action. So it's not full on Twilight love story, or not full-on beating up bad guys, like *cough* [This edit of TDKR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J72GOv3G738)   Writing an Arrow/Flash fanfiction on Wattpad that probably won't get any recognition due to the millions of stories about One Direction by 14 year old girls. I just got ganked by the whole team in top lane of League of Legends, I was playing Shen, then my team forfeited.  andnbsp;  I might also watch Constantine, sad it got cancelled, I'll see how good it was.   Sorry, didn't know how to word it :(   I don't think you should be considered a hero until you can protect your city/world all by yourself.      Did they ever explain how Barry would return to the current time. If not, how does he do it? How did he use the speedforce to go forward 15 years, if there was no Hydrogen particle colliding with him?   You lucky bastard Grant Gustin.  andnbsp;  My Grodd.         I write fan-fiction, but like... legit fan-fiction, not anything that pushes romance up your ass. I like to write the supposed continuation of the story.   I picked Katie, but I think Katrina Law(Nyssa Raatko/Al Ghul), Rila Fukushima(Tatsu Yamashiro) and Cynthia Addai-Robinson(Amanda Waller)   *facepalm*   For a second, I couldn't tell if that was Iris West(Candice Patton)... or McKenna Hall(Janina Gavankar).  andnbsp;  Still don't know who it is.   LoA.  andnbsp;  Why? Oliver took down Cyrus Gold without a cure. The League is more populated than a couple dozen....or maybe more escaped "super-prisoners", and they are skilled in fighting unlike some, if not most of the prisoners that might be used to street fighting or just using a gun.   Dallas Mavericks need to have a Deron Williams, Monta Ellis, Chandler Parsons, Chris Bosh, Lamarcus Aldridge, Dirk team.   Warriors win the 2015 NBA Finals.   Blue/Gold teams Congrats guys. Got a bit of a scare there near the end. But ~~JR Smith~~ Golden State sealed the deal. Again, Congratulations. :)   oops I was supposed to post this on another thread, hence the "Canary Cry" correction, it was some season 4 dc thing, and Katie Cassidy said like "Canary Scream" or something   * Dye your hair blonde, Katie. * Thea get a golden hood/cape * Please End Olicity * [John Diggle for Guardian](http://i.imgur.com/ZZxEPzm.jpg) * Bring back Walter Steele * MOAR SLADE * Cast some white dude so we can hype over Hal Jordan and then confirm him playing Damian Darhk * Where Art Thou KGBeast * Slade or Sara Lance backstory? * Confirmation on Deadshot being alive or dead. * Oliver/Amanda Waller scenes in flashbacks * Roy Harper Yellow Hat * Moar Meta Humans * Moar city references (e.g. Coast City, Bludhaven etc.) * Chien Na Wei!!!! * Ted Grant return * Ray Palmer funeral scene where he appears and freaks everyone out * More Season 4 Discussions pl0x, I can't lie in bed eating cookies and gain weight forever. * No Constantine? Fine, bring him on Arrow to revive Sara * Don't dwell on the LoA, move on, just some Damien(or Damian idk) Darhk backstory, then move on to H.I.V.E. * Okay Guggenheim, I know you want to add a bunch of LoA shit, so make Merlyn release Slade for good. * Dinah Drake Lance backstory, proof of vigilantism before Oliver and Laurel were born. * or Dinah Drake Lance in a Flash episode if he goes to another universe  	34
 Man, I can at least hope that the non-stupid people outweigh the stupid ones by some amount, even though that's probably optimistic and I'm probably wrong.  	1
    Thank you! isn't it just such an amazing feeling when you change something so simple as your makeup storage, it's like cleansing. I loved taking all my products and cleaning them and organising them. Afterwards I just stood and stared at it for a good 20 minutes, now and again brushing a hand over some of the things. I suddenly realised I was acting gollumesque when iI actually thought the words 'it's mine'  The skull is actually a car air-freshener from bath and body works that I stuck on an ikea plant pot to pretty up what i kept my makeup brushes in :D    I live in the UK! so thank god it's not a possibility. I shuddered just thinking of it happening.   I'm in love with yours! I'd love a dressing table but don't have the space. They really are battle stations though, we set everything up, stand there with naked faces and set about putting on our war paint haha   Where are the Russian twists! those things are beast.   I say yes to donating organs, if you can save someone's life after you're gone what is a better way to leave your mark on the world?  My personal opinion is people should be able to choose whether to donate their bodies to science, yes it would help but it will take a long time for people to be okay with not having a body to bury or cremate and say goodbye to.  I think people can get over and come to terms with organs being taken to help and that will continue to live on in someone else, with donating your body to science people imagine all sorts and don't want to think of a loved one going through that, even after death   It's so pretty and vintage looking!   Here's mine - http://i.imgur.com/bfu3uz1.jpg   Maybe you could try booking yourself in for some threading? i did that when i was having trouble with my brow shape and they recommended what would look good and they gave me tips on keeping the shape and what products to use.   You have fantastic skin btw! I think you'd look killer in a plum lipstick    I'm in love with the red! i'm going to have to try and find it, thank you!  P.S: i'm in LOVE with your hair      These two comments sum depression up for me almost perfectly. Depression is the most confusing and hard challenge I've ever faced in my whole life. It's hard to keep going when everything you once loves you fear now and it feels like you'll never get better, you'll never feel hope or happiness again. Life seems SO long and so hard without being able to see or find hope and happiness in anything.    What about the darker end of comics? a lot of people prefer the darker side, you won't feel the pressure of trying to find something funny then. It might even help, getting all of your pain out onto paper. If people criticise them it doesn't mean they are bad, it just means that they might have a different taste to what you've done. I'd sure love to read some of your comics.  I had a pretty dark childhood, I find it hard to be positive sometimes and can feel quite 'dark' about things, i'm quite the fluffy girl and then I love horror movies, dark anime and metal.   Anywho, you might find happiness in writing comics about what you know, whether that's darkness or happiness. Isn't it better to have something that represents you, something that has your heart in it. Than you just trying to make something you're uncomfortable with?   Please do let me know if you do any comics because i really would love to see them some day    Please stop trying to find something wrong, it sounds like you're beating yourself up a lot 'i've tried everything' 'i'm a failure of a man' I bet you're a wonderful person.  hope you feel better soon, please don't try anything, if you would like to chat to someone i'm here, i'm always around and i love making new friends, sometimes just being able to tell someone everything that's wrong can help. Honestly PM me ANYTIME   Please don't beat yourself up too much for not being happy at the moment, you're so strong for trying and still being here, i've been where you are a few times, i've even attempted suicide, one of those times a stranger from reddit reached out to me and i think that's truly one of the reasons i'm still here, so if i can help another person in any way i would love to, so i'm here if and when you need someone   i know it's a personal question but have you been diagnosed with depression? are you seeking any help? medication?   I've spent so long trying to figure out what caused it, maybe I'm tired? Maybe it's PMT? Maybe it's my job maybe I hate it? Maybe it's my boyfriend? Maybe it's my friend group? So I've spent years 'hitting the refresh button' on my life, shaking things up and although some choices turned out to be good choices a lot of them were bad. Because I would do them but still feel awful or even worse. And I'd ask myself 'what's wrong with me why aren't I coping like other people, why am I not happy?'   That's what made it all so much worse, then I'd repress emotions because I thought they weren't normal but they are. Being a part of this horrible yet supportive sub reddit should help you see that. Yes we don't work like others do, yes we deal with things differently, we aren't broken or strange. I had a kidney infection last year, I left it and it got worse and I couldn't drink for six months, that was strange and it meant i was different to other people, i couldn't get drunk and have fun like they did (like now i'm depressed, i don't feel the fun that they seem to be having), but i got help and i got better and it meant i could drink and i could have fun again. Our illness is just like that but it's not visible to others, we aren't showing physical pain, it just means that we're working differently to they are because we are ill, i used to spent weeks even months feeling suicidal, now i have minutes, hours at most, because i've sought help (like i did with my kidney) and i'm getting better, which means i'll be able to deal with things better, like others. We all work differently, every one of us, so we aren't broken just because we're working differently to others.  People were there for me and looked after me when i was ill with my kidney because it was visible, i kept my depression from people and shut them out because i thought i was strange and broken, now i'm learning to let people in and feel the emotions and it's so much better, i talk to people and they understand better so they can help better in the future, instead of me just being angry or seeming moody, meaning they got fed up or angry they can now sympathise.  Anyway the point to all of this was, sometimes there isn't a reason, maybe there used to be and maybe there is one big thing that's caused your depression and makes it worse, but like my kidney once it was bad it was bad, and when it got worse sometimes it meant it was just taking longer to get better, do you see that depression is like that? we left it a bit too late because we didn't understand what was wrong, so we got a little worse. Which meant we were already there, already ill. So now, when we have down days it doesn't mean that something has caused it, if you go on trying to find something, anything, when you don't feel better you will end up hating yourself, being angry at yourself. If you just let yourself feel everything you feel, no explanations as to why you're feeling it (unless you can pinpoint it for definite) then when you have those moments of clearness, clarity and those little moments of feeling happy, you'll be at a better place to try and work out if anything was wrong, because you'll see it clearer.   Message me ANYTIME you want as well, i'm always here to listen and i love making new friends  hope you feel better soon x  edit: typos, lots.  	14
 That's ... kind of why I've been taking about suicide. To avoid doing nothing throughout my life. Even though to be honest, nothingness is the best thing that has happened to me. Like these past 4 days, I've been doing pretty much nothing and I felt pretty good.   I know what you mean, but honestly I don't know for how long I should "try", because whenever I do try, I fail. And I mean, I fail. Challenging my depression makes me suicidal, challenging my anxiety gives me a panic attack. I don't enjoy that. I don't want to go through yet another suicidal attempt (unless it's the final one), nor do I want any other panic attacks. It's not fun.    I have tried many times but I lose interest immediately. I don't want to do anything with myself, because everything else is boring, which reminds me of the fact that I can't feel pleasure anymore, which in itself is quiet depressive. I don't know. I wish I had another brain. A brain without depression and/or anxiety and/or that stupid personality disorder. I feel restricted in my actions, thoughts and emotions. It really sucks.  And I understand where you're coming from. Life objectively wasn't so good until three and a half months ago, when I decided to change it. Well, I haven't changed. That really sucks.    It's nothing about life objectively, it's more like myself. I feel like I am the problem, but most of the things that make me the problem are hard to fix. Like depression, anxiety, a personality disorder ... things that seem to be part of me forever. I don't think I can have a quality life with all three, so might as well not be here.  How about you? What's happening to you?    Well, I think I'm one of those people who were born doomed. I have a list of "problems", and most are under the "hard/impossible to fix" subcategory. I'm slowly accepting the emptiness of my future, but I don't want to go through an existence of just. Nothing. I think I'm starting to accept suicide as the only outcome. Maybe the world will be a better place without me. Nah. As I am now, there's no way I'm influencing anything. So yeah. Might as well not be here at all.    I wish I could get rid of my vagina.  Well no, that wouldn't fix it. I want to get rid of my uterus and ovaries.    I thought Camera. It's actually 'Apps'. : (   I want to be a mother, a wife, and an accomplished professional.  But I know for a fact I'm going to die alone in my little studio apartment lol   Are you not allowed to have anything at all in solitary confinement? I think they're allowed to have books, and some times come into contact with other people.  The mental institution I'm talking about was about the same. One girl was allowed to have her bible, the other, a board game. The third kid had nothing, but he was the only one in the whole building allowed to go outside with company (I don't remember why). Not allowed to interact with patients outside your room, no real privacy (at night, everyone hour, someone had to either look through the door window, or actually get in). I guess the only 'plus' was they were allowed to have visits a few minutes a day.    I don't know man people have been doing this forever, even in this century, and they're fine.  Go into a mental institution with teens and most are not even allowed to go outside. The most they get are occasional board games. Everyone was fine, actually. Fine and relaxed. Doing nothing for a while can help your mind settle, and the smallest things become adventures.   It was 100% cultural. I lived 8 years in the West Indies, and parents are naturally strict, and school is obviously important. Every night, I had to recite, word-to-word, whatever I had to study. Failing to recite all words properly meant not only a beating with the belt (which, again, normal in my culture), but also 10 more minutes to review everything. It might sound "fair", since it means practicing, but not remembering one word meant 10 more minutes, and this could result in a two hour reciting session of a page or two. Also, I had to be good in music. I was good when I was young (3 to 8, I played from age 2 to 12), because my culture believes in perfection, not knowledge. So I didn't really learn any techniques, I learned how to memorize and play notes well.   As soon as we moved to Canada, my mother changed. I think it was because she was tired most of the time. Back home, my father was the main provider, and now it was her role so she worked a lot (my father still lives in the West Indies). However, I'd get a beating if my report card was not perfect. Sometimes, she'd force me to study, then she'd get tired and just not cared. At some point she started making me memorize the dictionary. We stopped after a few days. Then, age 12 or so, she stopped beating me (thank goodness!) but she was a bit verbally abusive. One day, after a not-so-successful violin practice (I think I was 10 or 11, actually) she made me believe she was going to murder me, and literally spent the day making "my last wishes come true". And I believed it, because she never tried to spoil me before. Thought I didn't do or ask anything because I thought I was going to die. She apologized, but then the next day, she laughed about it with her friends, making it look like she was just "joking with me and I couldn't take a joke".   Age 15 is when my mother 100% gave up on me. As long as I wasn't failing any classes, she wouldn't give me shit. She's the most disappointed mother ever, especially since she wanted me to be a doctor or a lawyer, and recently I dropped out of school to move overseas, in college I learned languages, and I think I just want to be a preschool/primary school teacher. My father is not proud either, but he just doesn't show it. He has given up on me completely last year.   Sorry this was much longer than it should have been.    Ha, same! Right now, I am what seems like 'happy'. And I'm all alone until Monday (have been alone since Thursday). What's even funnier, is that when the people I live with were leaving, I felt nothing. Then when I was alone and saw them drive off (I was looking out the window), I started crying. Me! The coldest person on Earth! I cried!   It was odd.    Learn a new language! :D With duolingo!    I like feeling slightly cold.    Um, love? Well, as in when people say "I love you". Everyone loves everyone, if we were to believe them. Maybe I'm old fashioned but I truly believe you cannot love more than, what, five people? Unless you have like twenty siblings or whatever. But even then, this love is most probably conditional (a.k.a you're family, I must love you).    Nah. Literally just has a new definition/purpose. That happens all the time, but nowadays (with the internet and all) words seem to change way too rapidly. Literally now is used as a way to emphasize whatever is being said.   Hair. I like long hair. Any length that isn't considered a short cut will do. As long as I can run my fingers through them.    Meh, not many. Though I do talk to a couple of people very regularly, maybe one would consider me a friend. Well, one is a family member with whom I grew up for about 6 years, and I think she feels like she must listen to me because I'm overseas and she's the only person I feel comfortable talking with. The other one is someone I just randomly babble to. She reads whatever I write, sometimes comments about it, but usually just reads. Third person is the one I guess who considers me a friend. Or at least she's really polite. We don't talk every single day, but yeah maybe twice to three times a week or so.   There are a couple of people I talk with maybe once a month? They're great people, we just don't feel the need to communicate much.   By the way, those are all happening on social media. Outside of the internet, I have myself only.    I went to the grocery store today! I spent just under 12 euros. I am amazed at how much you can buy with so little! I got myself two chocolate/hazelnut yoghourts, a branch (is that what they are?) of broccoli, cheddar cheese, mango/orange juice from a premium brand or whatever, Dove body wash, two packs of underwear linens, and ... yeah I think that's it. Previously, I've been doing my shopping a lot, and I can make myself two meals for just under five euros. Okay, I don't have very expensive taste, but still: two avocados, four breakfast buns and a bag of chicken wings costs under 5 euros, and that's two hearty meals right there. Four, if you're not a hungry hippo like me. Amazing!    I'm a fat kid, so I guess I can answer that one.  Of course, the cost of fast food is a problem, but also parenting. Many parents use food to bribe their children, to reward them, to shut them up ... or a beautiful combination of all three. So, you have a bunch of children who basically see food as a complimentary to whatever emotion they must be feeling, from happiness to anger to sadness. It's terrible, and it's especially hard to get out of it. Personally the only reason why I'm still fat is because of emotional eating.    I am black, from the Caribbeans. While looking for the name of whatever was growing behind my ear, I fell upon many articles talking about how Keloid scaring and hypertrophic scars were relatively common amongst darker skinned people, especially black people.    Well it's better to get it pierced as a baby, even though it's not really the baby's choice. I got my ears pierced when I turned 11, and I got a terrible, terrible infection from it. Apparently it's very common with people of my race, but the scar actually grew out and it formed a little lump behind my ear. I'm glad it was behind my ears because it must have looked really awful. Fast forward a couple of years and it became pretty big, maybe the size of a blueberry, and I had it surgically removed. It cost my mother a ton, since it's considered plastic surgery so it was not covered by insurance. And the worst thing is, I got pierced by a professional at a fancy jewelry store (expensive), and we bought the best gold (expensive) in order to avoid any infections. But my curious self couldn't keep myself from touching my ears, and ... yeah. All of these expenses would have been avoided if I had my ears pierced as a baby. And, turns out, I don't even like earrings so really it was all a waste.   I think if I were to live in a country where the majority of girls had their ears pierced, I'd pierce my daughters' ears when they're babies in case they choose to have earrings once they're older.    Oh wow, I feel the same way. I actually dropped out of college about four months ago, and I cannot wait to go back to school and get a Master's or something.  I want to stay there forever. Actually where I am from, colleges last (if you take the recommended number of credits per semester) two years, and then after you go to Uni. Most of the people I know have graduated and heading to Uni next September. Part of me regrets leaving college, though it was for a good cause (I emigrated).    Montreal is a great city. I can't recommend it enough. It is beautiful, diverse, alive ... If you have a bit of money, I would wholeheartedly recommend living in the heart of the city. Not downtown though. That's cliché (though downtown is pretty cool). There is an area called "Plateau Mont-Royal". It's considered Montreal's hipster town. I know, hipsters have that reputation or whatever the internet hates, but I swear this area is incredible. There's everything to see, to do, to eat ... It's so close to downtown, yet it's so casual and just fun to be at. Also, Montreal has a Chinatown that is pretty great for cheap findings and yummy food. Little Italy, as you may have guested, is extremely glorious. Nothing more to say. And we have the gay village. My #1 regret in life is to have not been there. It's awesome, and anyone who goes there says it's really cool. Some of the best restaurants, entertainment is A+. And yeah. I love it.   And actually, I don't know what exactly make me want to stay in Germany. It's a great country all in all. That's all I can say haha. Actually before moving there I always wanted to live in Europe. My number reason was to distance myself from my family and start anew. I have had a thing for France for the past 6 years or so (plus French is my first language so it would be easier haha) but Germany has a better social system (and free education!!). Plus I'm already there, so if I were to become a citizen, it would be much easier here than in France. Lucky you're in France already!!  And yeah. They have feasts, and those are glorious. In Restaurants, portions are incredible. But in the comfort of their home? Nah. Bread/cheese/ham constitute two meals a day. Two meals! And lunchtime is when they "go nuts". Not saying it's bad, but I am not used to that at all.    I guess I am? At least, that's the plan.  103 days (I checked yesterday haha) ago, I left Montreal, Canada, and moved to Germany. My initial plan was to stay there for 12 months, turns out I'll be there for 15 months, and part of me wants that 15 months to turn into a lifetime.   I came here as an au-pair. Simply put, an au-pair is someone, usually a foreigner, who offers childcare services in exchange of free boarding. It's an extremely cheap way for parents to have someone look after their kids, and a pretty cheap way for young adults to travel, and I'd say 95% of au-pairs are in it for the traveling part. Though personally I did it because I really wanted a childcare experience without having to wait (most childcare jobs require a degree, and I was 18 when I started planning doing that).   I am not really struggling for now. It's been only 3 months and a half, no real challenges has showed up (except maybe getting a visa, which was granted literally 5 days before potential deportation. Huge stress!). But my life is awesome, I feel extremely lucky to have ended with the host family I am with right now. I owe them quite literally everything.  I'd say the 'real' challenges, if I may call them so, are personal. I thought being away would change me for the good, but turns out I'm the same crappy human being that I was in Montreal. Nothing seem to really fulfill me as a person, happiness is a bit hard to come by even though my life is 110% perfect. My host family is even trying hard to help me with *that*. My only wish is to be the best person I can for them, and I can't even give them the satisfaction of accomplishing that. I'm quite at lost but I am thinking about bettering myself, at least for them.  Oh wait. I did find a struggle. FOOD! I am a stereotypical North-American. Food  everything. I knew Europeans ate way less and much better than us, but never expected to feel so hungry so often. Germans do not eat much, compared to North-Americans. Two of their meals are what we'd consider a snack. Of course, culture. But when I'm hungry, I become really angry and I sound stupid. Actually I posted in /r/germany one day while hungry and I think I offended quite a few there, by saying I was starving and I miss North-American food standards. A family member from the US is actually sending me a care pack and guess what's in it. Snacks!    Besides, I am not too close to my real family, so I don't miss them at all. I guess I cannot relate to the struggle of missing them and visiting them or whatnot.   I just don't know what I'll be doing once the 15 months are over. I obviously want to stay here, but then I'd need a reason. I can't be an au-pair for a second year in Germany. I could go on a student visa, but what school would accept a kid who can barely order a pizza because of her limited knowledge of the language? Still, I do want to stay in Europe, and I secretly wish my host family wants me to stay. I think they do, or maybe they're being overly polite? But they have been actively trying to find ways for me to study here. Yeah. I want that. One thing that would help would be to practice speaking German. I really want to! At the same time, I am socially anxious as hell. There are no classes available for now, and I am scared to meet people to talk with them. So yeah I'm quite alone. I don't feel it (yet?) though. I am quite happy with how it is. I shouldn't.     I was watching the People's Court on YouTube and one video was edited terribly so I just copy/paste the date into the search engine to find a better quality video.  : )  'The Peoples Court May 07, 2015'     Well, technically the Earth has short-term moons. There's always an object that gets caught by its gravitational pull. It just doesn't stay there long enough.    No problem! Glad to know you like Markiplier! : )   Haha yeah! but the reason I found this so weird is because I am not an emotional person at all. I mean my own father lives overseas because of work, and I see him twice a year. Never cried about it, not even once. In order to come here, I had to leave my family behind and I have yet to cry about that also. But with people I've known for 100 days, I cried because they're leaving for four days.  Weird.    So you’re familiar with Hank Green! How about listening to other projects he’s behind? Like [vlogbrothers](https://www.youtube.com/user/vlogbrothers) with his brother John Green (the author), and also [CrashCourse](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX6b17PVsYBQ0ip5gyeme-Q), which has a variety of ‘crash courses’ on various topics, from history to chemistry to astronomy (guess who’s happy! hint: me) and they even have a [CrashCourse channel for children](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCONtPx56PSebXJOxbFv-2jQ)! And if you’re a young adult or a teen, here’s [a channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFqaprvZ2K5JOULCvr18NTQ) dedicated to this age bracket (or for adults who have yet to figure it out).   **If you’re into science and learning:** [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA)  , [AsapSCIENCE](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC552Sd-3nyi_tk2BudLUzA)  , [minutephyics](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg)  , [TED](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAuUUnT6oDeKwE6v1NGQxug)  , [Vsauce](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA)  , [SmarterEveryDay](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA), [CGP Grey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w)  **If you’re into family vlogs:** [The Nive Nulls](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDd0gHs1F9U1Suw6aHGFH5g)  , [The Lavigne Life](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwl6HrxI1NvbfpbWPrzlFYg) , [GabeBabeTV](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0VcpXqaW4m_JsHVGlOqb-w)  **If you’re into gaming:** [LetsPlay](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkxctb0jr8vwa4Do6c6su0Q), [Centerstrain01](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4ADOfWpEKskk04WKQ3Lmpg)  , [Markiplier](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_YxT-KID8kRbqZo7MyscQ)  **If you’re into Minecraft and other ‘soft’ games (by soft, I mean they’d have parental approve):** [stampylonghead](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj5i58mCkAREDqFWlhaQbOw), [CaptainSparklez](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCshoKvlZGZ20rVgazZp5vnQ) , [DanAndPhilGAMES](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuhwvTYFvVZjyBVXc9T7CrA)  they sometimes have more ‘crude’ games, but their channel is pretty mild.   **If you’re into people talking (usually about relatable stuff, but they’re all entertaining, but usually teenage girls are more into that):** [danisnotonfire](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGjylN-4QCpn8XJ1uY-UOgA)  , [AmazingPhil](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHUE4ypXKp7ZkmdWbGJNgJg) , [sWooZie](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUKi4zY5ETSqrKAjTBgjM-g), [Tyler Oakley](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvVuqRzGVqRlmZYlTf99M_w), [communitychannel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKHi7M_11VJmLZSq4WNHSkg), [IISuperwomanII](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfm4y4rHF5HGrSr-qbvOwOg)  **If you’re into YouTube entertainment:** [TheFineBros](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0v-tlzsn0QZwJnkiaUSJVQ)  , [REACT](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHEf6T_gVq4tlW5i91ESiWg) (same people as FineBros) , [VICE](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCn8zNIfYAQNdrFRrr8oibKw)  , [Rhett   Link](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbochVIwBCzJb9I2lLGXGjQ), [Good Mythical Morning](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4PooiX37Pld1T8J5SYT-SQ) same people as Rhett and Link (their names), but this channel is a daily internet show covering various topics and experiments, always silly. [Epic Rap Battle](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMu5gPmKp5av0QCAajKTMhw)  Enjoy!    I don't know how interesting it may be, but my emotions have been weiiiiird today. Ok. Maybe just weird with one 'i'.  I live with this host family in Germany (it's been about 100 days). Today they left to visit family in another region, and they won't be back before Monday (it is now Thursday). As stood by the window as I usually do, saw them drive off and I started crying.   What's funny is that before that, I was like "Haha, imagine if I started crying haha." Couple of minutes later, my vision was blurry from tears. But I think what triggered it is how nice they were. They acted like they were leaving forever and that they'd miss me. They hugged me! That's like. Whoa. I matter to them, somehow.    I know everyone likes to joke about Jaden Smith being weird and all, and yeah some of the thins he says make no sense at all, but his sister and him are the amongst the two most beautiful souls I've ever seen. They're really free-spirited. If everyone were like them, the world would be a much better place. An open-minded, forgiving, intelligent, altruistic, and happy place.    No offense taken! Funny, this is exactly me, about 93% of the time. Except today, I'm thinking about a juicy Hamburger hahaha   Haha it's crazy how different the food culture is. Especially when Germany has France, Spain and Italy near it haha. I totally understand when you say you need more. That's exactly how I feel about most meals.  Oh well. Let's hope we get used to our new eating habits!   Nah I didn't. I'm pretty sure my iron level is low though. Before leaving home, I had it checked and it was at a "critical" level. Yeah it's terrible but I don't take care of it as much as I should. : /   Thank you! And back home (I emigrated 3 months ago), a doctor gave me four possible reasons:   1) Anemia, which I do have and my iron level is always very low    2) Stress, I do have an anxiety problem   3) Depression, which I do have   4) Lack of sleep    I think it's a wonderful mix of both, but I am so thankful today's doctor did not ask many questions. I had a hard time getting anything back home. I just wanted relief! And I finally have it!!    For the past 3 weeks or so, I've been having daily headaches. It's not a new thing because I did have them every single day from 2011 to 2014.   I went to see the doctor today and he prescribed me something for muscle pain, and I'm feeling so much better! I do feel a bit of pain in my head, still, but it's nothing compared to the hell I've been through.  Sorry this is random! Hope everyone is feeling as good as I am feeling right now!    The word exists, but isn't used as a qualitative to describes humans. In the western world, in my experience, this word is used as a qualitative word to describe humans that are pleasing to the eyes, or sexually attractive. Meaning, it has a connotation many people would consider negative, since many people do not want their race/age/ethnic/whatever group to be seen, as a whole, as "good for sex" or "good to look at".    Doesn't happen where I am haha : ) We have someone who is always willing to take that last piece, and since I "look" like the kind of person who would take it, I usually give it away haha    I think your eating habits are better! I know it's no excuse but I was just really hungry, and I've been hungry for the past 3 months or so haha. Yeah. I'm going through "food withdrawal" if we can say that haha. Thanks a lot! : )   Never said it was a problem, which is why I used quotation marks (lack of a more descriptive term). Also I didn't say it was my surroundings. Said it was different for an American who is used to overeating.  The real "problem" is that I'm broke and hungry.  How about practicing what you teach? I could say the same. This European approach (thinking "Ugh, Americans") is not very apprecisted outside of Europe. Because that makes y'all sound pretentious as hell.   Yu don't fully understand my argument.   Definitely agree! I was actually looking forward to eating better here. I think I was just upset earlier because I feel hungry so often. It's the worst feeling. I'd rather eat too much junk than feel hungry all the time. My hungry-self is unbearable. I kind of regret posting this. I feel like I've offended many people or rubbed them the wrong way.    But nothing is objectively polite/impolite, good/bad, correct/incorrect. It all comes down to what society, and most importantly what the people involved think is right or not.    I don't know unlucky I've been, but German food has not come in big 'fat' portions. Trust me. I'm a fat North American.    I think differently. I think it's people who just don't want to be your fetish. Obviously that's never gonna happen (a world without fetishizing people), but at least respect the fact that some people feel uncomfortable, and don't so openly talk about how a certain type of people is a fetish because obviously not everyone would be okay with that.   I was using a general 'you', by the way.   Kind of like if a red-haired person feels uncomfortable because you call them a 'ginger', well, don't use the word in front of them. Just out of respect. Being nice, you know.    They aren't wrong if it's subjective. If you disagree, that's you. But if people don't like the way you see them and talk about them, at least respect that and keep those comments to yourself.    Sounds absolutely delicious!    Objectively, no. Subjectively, many people find that fantasying about them is objectifying them. And I think we should at least acknowledge that fact. I think this entire discussion started because I said the word exotic was objectifying? Forget the word exotic, say someone says they fantasy about having sex with Thai women. If you were a Thai woman, chances are you'd feel a bit creeped out because this person is seeing you as a thing to have sex with. However, if that person only said "I'm attracted to Thai women.", you wouldn't feel the same. You would feel like part of a group that person considers attractive, rather than a "thing".    I totally understand! Would not be offended if someone hated Americans/Canadians eating habits (by the way, it's quite the same). I can also see how, objectively, it can be annoying/problematic to a foreigner. We eat a lot! Too much! And too much sugar and/or too much fat. I understand. But once you're used to it, whoa. Hard to let go.    Attraction is: Hmm, I like you/that thing.   Fantasy is: Oh the things I'd do with you/that thing.   You find portions too big in Germany? Oh my, where have you been?  And maybe you mean like quantity, as in eating four pieces of bread. I think that's too much, too, but that's too much bread. Or having like an entire package of cheese. Yeah, that's too much cheese. But as a meal, is it enough? Nah. You need more elements to feel full.   Sorry I explain so poorly what I mean.   And yes, I definitely eat too much to European standard. 'Merica. ~~and Canada.~~   I don't mean portions, I just mean sustainability. I don't have great eating habits at all, so I am used to those type of food you eat three bites of and you're like "I'm gonna regret this." I meant hearty, "heavy" meals. I'm unfortunately used to two or three a day.    True, but spread some Frischkäse on that thing and it tastes awesome!    Yes but you used the word fantasy. That's not the same.  And being attracted to someone doesn't always mean you know the person. I mean you can be physically attracted to a stranger. You can feel emotionally attracted to someone after hearing them speak once sentence. Of course, these are not deep attractions but it still is attraction.   Ah I see.  I'm just not used to that. Quantity or variety isn't what differentiate a meal to a snack. My brain is stil seeing bread and cheese as accompaniments only, so eating just that (with something a bit more sustainable, yes, but not on its own) is just foreign.  I hope I get used to it. I wrote this thing while feeling really hungry, so sorry if it sounds like I'm hating on German habits (I am not!!). It's just that when I'm hungry, I just. Want. Food. A big plate full of stuff that will make me cry myself to sleep because I feel fat type of thing.    Ah alright. Thanks for letting me know! I don't want them to feel offended or anything. I don't mean that. I am just hungry and I don't play when it comes to food haha    Thanks for the tip!   And man do Koreans eat a lot. I don't mean this as a critic though, I actually like this! I went to Korea for a week and I've never been so well fed in my entire life. It was always plentiful and filling. Only problem was that we were many "hungry foreigners" so in the end, the food did run out haha    Yeah my main argument was that there is a difference between attraction to a person and attraction to a thing, which is objectifying. A fetish doesn't always involve sex. I can touch myself thinking about a fetish, it'd still be a fetish. But I used sex in my examples because I thought it would be a clear example.  Guess not.    No! Difference is you're thinking about the person or you're thinking about a thing they have only.    What do you mean? "Your motivation for attraction is irrelevant".   You can have sex with someone you're emotionally connected to. You can have sex with someone with whom you're only physically/sexually attracted to. You can also have sex with someone because you want sex and masturbation wasn't gonna do it.   I'm not splitting here. If you think sex is just sex and has no dimension, then damn. You're missing out.    Why are you getting so angry though? That's what I don't get.  Look. If you want to have sex with a person because you want sex with them, you're just being a normal human being. We're animals. Humans, like most other animals, have sex with people they find sexually attractive. Again, my examples about lionesses choosing the lion with the biggest mane. She's sexually attracted to said lion.  Now say lions could have fetishes, and one lioness was like "No but them bald lions though ... So sexy!" That's a preference in her sexual attraction to lions. If she were to say "Baldness turns me on!!!", that's a fetish.   If you're talking about people who just sleep with others for the sex, that's a whole other topic man. I'm talking attraction here. Not just wanting to get laid.    No, you don't get it.  Rubbing genitals because you want to rub genitals with that person is one thing. Rubbing genitals because all you care about is the genitals is something else. Rubbing genitals and rubbing something else because you like that something else is another thing.   Are you asexual?    One is having sex with a person that has features you find attractive, the other is pleasuring yourself while enjoying the presence of tallness, black skin, brown eyes, jokes, and a PhD in physics.    That's what sexual attraction is. And literally everyone (but asexuals) feel sexual attraction. "I want to have sex with you". "I see you and I imagine us having sex". That's normal. Happens all the time.  A fetish is "I'm gonna get so much pleasure from rubbing them feet against my scrotum!!" type of thought. It's not the person that matters, it's the thing they have.    Then the guy has nothing to do with your initial thought of sex. There is a difference between thinking of sex, thinking about having sex with a specific person, and thinking about sex and how someone's feature (a fetish) is really all you care about since it'll bring you more pleasure.    But we're not even talking about the same thing. I'm talking about objectifying bisexuality. Like a man automatically wanting to sleep with you because to him, it means "two hot chicks!!!!" You've become a thing from which he can get pleasure from. And not a person.    I don't eat sweets that much, to be honest. Not really a big fan. I like Haribo though. The gummy bears I mean. I see myself eating that from time to time : )  I'll go to EDEKA asap! I didn't know about it, but I did see the brand name written on some products the host family has bought. I thought it was just a brand and not an actual store. Thanks!    So far, I only like one brand of chips, and that is Tostitos. I can go through a family pack bag in a day. My personal weakness. The 'nacho' type chips are slightly different. I am not a fan of the taste.   I like plain Pringles sometimes though. And I've found those! : )   What? No! I'm literally trying to get into your men only island right now. If that wasn't obvious enough.    I don't know. Some guy called /u/askronat.  Hey man, looks like we're bonding quite a long. Wanna exchange numbers and dick pics maybe? And talk about how we both hate women and shit? Seems like a nice first date.    They're not conservative to me. I think they're just "common" Germans. Of course there are many exceptions in Germany, but whenever I'd google german life habits, under the eating section, bread/cheese/ham for breakfast and dinner was the only thing they'd talk about.   I do not make that much money, no. I do sometimes go to a Döner and just lose my mind over the deliciousness, sometimes I buy myself a frozen pizza, but this month, I want to save up a bit. I also have a Lidl seconds away from me. I don't find anything that would be considered "junk food" besides sweets, and I don't really like sweets. Or chips, but I'm picky. Yeah. I think the problem is I am very picky with snacks (the only chips I can see myself eating forever doesn't seem to be sold in Germany). And like I said previously, I'd feel bad taking too much space in their kitchen (with piles of food I bought).   I was hungry when I wrote this thread haha. I understand it's 100% my fault, and part of being in a foreign country is to get used to their life habits. But I have such a deep love story with food, I don't see myself giving up on that one just yet ...   Oh no! Again right in the feels. Mate, how you do this? Who trained you to be such a fearless aggressive boy?    I feel the exact same way, and I have social anxiety as well.   In my first year in college, I decided to tell my anxiety to "fuck off", and I forced myself to be sociable. It was hard at first, but I eventually did it. I talked to the people in my program (we had a lounge exclusively for us), made friends with kids older than me, talked, shared laughs, the whole deal. Then, some time in October, I crashed and fell. I failed completely. I walked into the lounge, sat down, and started crying. Couple of days later, I never stepped foot in that lounge. I regretted even trying to be sociable and talking to these people. What happened? Nothing. I just felt regret. Like I was annoying, I was loud, I was uninteresting. Exactly like you.  Sorry I felt like sharing this since your story is so similar to mine. Part of me is happy when I find someone who has gone through the same. It's a hard thing to live through, and it's even harder to explain it to people who don't go through it.  I understand you completely, but we can do it! : )   That's literally what I have been saying though! Bro since comment #1 I've been telling you to go with the men. Glad we're on the same page, finally!    Whoa! So much wisdom from this boy! Don't waste it with women! Come on and have fun with the men instead!    Honestly, I have zero friends and I get no reminders about what the people I'm friend with on Facebook are doing, simply because I give it zero attention. Facebook nows filters out anything they think you don't care about. So if you don't comment or like something from the same people for a while, you see them less often on your News Feed, until one day you don't seem them at all.  All I see now are things from pages I liked.    Seems like being childfree is becoming a trend.   I'm not following that one.    Oh no! How did you figure this out! My deepest secrets now out in the open! What am I going to do with this tragedy!!   I'm not mad, I'm trying to offer my most sincere help if women seem so troublesome to you. Become gay! Build an island with only gay men! No women! Woohoo!    Of course.   Awn little buddy don't be so salty. You can always turn to guys if girls are giving you such a hard time.    Awn little buddy who rejected your advances this time?    Keyword here: Just. If I have a fat fetish, I'm sleeping with you because you are fat. I don't care about you as the person. You are a thing that is fat. That's a fetish.    Hopefully : )   Tostitos and something called [Bear Paws](http://www.peanutfreeplanet.com//v/vspfiles/photos/DAREBEARPAWCHOCOLATECHIP300G-2T.jpg) are favorites. Oh, and fruits. But that comes in waves.  I hate it but I'm somehow of a picky eater. Today I'll love something and eat it until there's no more, tomorrow I'll hate it and actually feel nauseous around it.    I don't remember once saying that being a stay-at-home person is a job, since it isn't. Of course you are unemployed, but it's your full-time occupation. You could argue that people who are trained at their job (like master/apprentice type of situation) are unemployed as well. Or doctors still in Residency are as well. But they still have a day-to-day demanding occupation that they choose to be in. If I choose to stay at home and take care of my children/house, it's a choice. Saying I'm unemployed, people will think "Awn poor thing, looking for a job." Saying I'm staying-at-home is more straightforward.    You're the only hostile one in this entire thread ...    WOW. Sorry about that. Wrong person. I thought you were the same person who said  Raping children is a crime. Pedophiles rape children. Therefore they are criminals. They are fully aware that it is wrong, but they do it anyway.   Sorry must have thought you were someone else when I replied.   Well again, it all comes down to this idea that exotic = good for sex or food the eyes (that was my main opinion in this thread). As a person with much more to offer, to be seen as just good for sex or to look at is objectifying me. Kind of like, say you had natural red hair, and all the attention you get is from people who fetishizes red-haired women. Would you like that? To be primarily seen as "that thing people dig sexually"?   Now if some people enjoy this type of attention, cool. Whatever. But many others do not for the same reason (objectification).    I see it more this way. "Wow, that person is this. That makes them so attractive". Like if I'm attracted to, I don't know, scientists, I think the fact they're scientists make them attractive. Now if I have a fat person fetish, I just want the fat. Who cares who/what/how the person is.   That's how I see it.    Or maybe help them? Damn I don't know. Put all criminals out of their misery then.    But did you read what you wrote as a reply though?    Man if you think insulting is the way to go when engaging in a discussion, guess who's the stupid one.   Not my fault if you don't even want to fucking acknowledge the definition of pedophilia.    HA. HA.    I don't know who you chill out with, but a friend of mine's dream job is to be a vet. You know how much vets get? It's a shitty job. So is teaching in North America. Shitty ass job. Tons of stress, little money. Yet some people want to do that.  I want to be a stay-at-home person or a housewife because I want to take care of my children full-time. Am I Satan for wanting that?  I'm sorry your stay-at-home mom was shit to you, but stop with this ridiculous whining.    Raping women is a crime.   Straight people rape women.   Therefore they are criminals.    They are fully aware that is it wrong, but they do it anyway.    Sure! Didn't want to argue. Sorry if it looked like I did.    I'm not hiding or anything, I just think that eating too much of one thing doesn't make it a meal. Like eating a bowl of fruit to me is not a meal.   Obviously it's a subjective opinion.    But are you reading my comments though?  If you go to an ISIS comity or whatever and you said ISIS is amazing, everyone would look at you and say "Ok but that's the most popular opinion here right now." If said comity took place in the US, maybe in the US it's unpopular, but still in that comity, the place you stated said opinion, it was a popular one.   You're on the Western side of the internet. Anti-religion is popular on the Western side of the internet.    I like to blame my personality disorder, but honestly I have zero social skills, I am not interesting, and I am terrified of people.    Gee. I said you are on the INTERNET from a Western country.    But won't that be a problem when it comes to people who will be retiring in the next few years? No money to take care of all of them.    Did you read my comment? Pedophiles are people who are sexually attracted to children. Something they cannot help. Those who act upon this attraction are criminals, because sleeping with children is a crime.  Please read before replying.    I know, but you avoided my comment completely. I said you are on the internet and in a Western country, and everyone and their mama are anti-religion.   Exactly. The subject was pedophiles, who are not criminals.   I am very chill, actually.    You're acting like unemployed people are second class scums. Gee. I'm sorry you are forced to work until you're 65.   	106
