 Well there is a lightning bolt to the left. . .   So I bought a Classic 40 pack and 14 GvG pack. Legendaries I pulled were surprisingly in good number.   I ended up with: 1 Neptulon, 1 Golden Al'Akir the Windlord, 1 Captain Greenskin, 1 Golden Sylvanas Windrunner (already had a regular), and a Golden Sneed's Old Shredder.  The second golden had me floored, but a third just made me want to go hit the slots. Anyone have similar runs?   After the end of the show it had a quick word from the creators. They said something like that.   That is why I keep family numbers with no name on my phone. Eventually the picture of clicking a number to text just stuck in my head that I could memorize it.   **DC Comics**  * Convergence #7  * Convergence Batman and the Outsiders #2  * Convergence Hawkman #2  * Convergence Justice League America #2  * Convergence Swamp Thing #2  **Dynamite**  * Django/Zorro #7  **Image**  * Tithe #2  * Trees #9  **Marvel**  * Deadpool's Secret Secret Wars #1  * Planet Hulk #1  * Star Wars #5  * Ultimate End #1  **Valiant**  * Bloodshot Reborn #2  * Ninjak #3  **Vertigo**  * Mad Max Fury Road Nux and Immortal Joe #1   After tonight's episode it is leaning towards parallel universes.   Not to mention the Jay Garrick Helmet!  Hints of Earth 2 I think is stongly suggested when the Producers say they have a new way of introducing new enemies.   I would get an Action Comics #1 or something just as pivotal and host an event in which we get to watch each page get turned into glorious Origami creations. Would probably have to be a closed doors event that is streamed live in case of someone trying to stop it.    Suiciders has been pretty good.   Cool.   A lot of flagship issues from Mavel (#1s, Specials, and Major Tie-ins) it seems are at $4.99 a lot of the time.   All about that Dogecoin. . .   Especially if it is Hitler.   I have yet to get anynupdates for anything in humble bundles :/   I heard it in Lee Daniel's The Butler.   They way the studios are forcing theatres to have a **significantly** higher amount of 3D than 2D shows for this movie, even if every 2D show sells out and 3D shows sell only half capacity, causes them to see that 3D is making more money.    Didn't they tease an early version of Brother Eye in Arrow earlier this season? Easily could have been the same virus.   Turns out a variant cover I was looking at was limited amount not the actual issue itself, so there is hope.   It seems to have been an animated youtube series that had a making of art book on sale currently. Honestly what got me excited for the comic comic out was the covers available and descriptions.   I like how even the Page with the Book of the Dead checklist doesn't even mention Legends of the Geomancer, considering its release is a sort of order incentive that goes along with Book of the Dead.   All I know is I am going to be broke after all the issues for it releases.   Graphic India on 7/29. And turns out I was looking at a variant release amount   It is going to be a 1000 copy print tho :( So better pre-order soon.   Grant Morrisons 18 Days #1  Star Trek meets Green Latern  Godzilla in Hell  Book of Death Event from Valiant  And have already Pre-Ordered a copy of Legends of the Geomancer.     **BOOM! Studios**  * Lantern City #1  **DC Comics**  * Convergence #6  * Convergence Batman Shadow of the Bat #2  * Convergence Justice League International #2  **Dynamite**  * Project Superpowers Blackcross #3  * Reanimator #2  **Image**  * Mythic #1  * Savior #2  **Marvel**  * Darth Vader #5  * Legendary Star-Lord #12  * Secret Wars #2  * Silk #4  * Spider-Man 2099 #12  **Valiant**  * Imperium #4  * X-O Manowar #36   An excellent watch. A friend suggested it and I loved it.   We want a Lucifer show, but not *this* Lucifer show.   Not really. Particularly because that wasnt the last movie I saw him in.   I found it interesting.   No voting today in my suburb. Oh well. Good luck everyone else.   I just finished reading Jupiter's Legacy. I just got to say I am glad I didnt start the series when it was first published. The wait would have been unbearable. It is just such a great story.  Also watched first two seasons of Orphan Black and throughly enjoyed it.   You are right. We need more Captain Carrot.   Well...uh...death finds a way.   Wow. Just wow. i heard of this happening before.  How do you even get an explicit label on an INSTRUMENTAL album? That is a feat in and of itself...I mean whoever decided to give it an explicit label was surely thinking, "This music is so 'out there' that no 'normal' person would think to make it sound the way it does."  I wonder if there is a list of instrumental albums that have explicit warnings on them.   I figure it is just promotional and he will likely not be in the movies covered in tattoos.   The ending was meh at best.    Is there a website where you can keep track of your collection? Bonus points if it suggests builds.   Went to my main LCS and then one across town that opened an hour later.  Picked up Divergence, Avengers, Secret Wars, Hatter M, Doctor Who, Attack on Titan, Fight Club, Legendary Preview, Dark Circle and of course Valiant 25th. At my main they also had 2 free gaming cards from a selection.  My main had a 25% off sale and I got a Buddy Christ from Dogma Bank and a Munchkins Deluxe set.   I believe she said it while honking the horn.   You listed most of them, but:  Dream's Mask, Lucifer's Wings and Phantom Stranger's Coin Necklace.   We find ouy early May if the show gets renewed. Meanwhile go stream the whole first season now that it is available.   They changed the movie title when it was still in theatres. They sent a new poster and everything to put up.   **Boundless**  * Lady Death Apocalypse #4- Thinking about dropping this one  **DC Comics**  * Convergence #4  * Convergence Booster Gold #1  * Convergence Infinity Inc. #1 -Always down for more Jonah Hex  * Convergence Plastic Man and the Freedom Fighters #1 -Plastic Man  * Convergence World's Finest Comics #1  * Multiversity #2 - Loved Multiversity  **Dynamite**  * Blood Queen vs Dracula #3  **Image**  * Outcast #8  **Marvel**  * Inhuman #14  * Princess Leia #3  * Silk #3 -It has felt like forever since the last  **Vertigo**  * Vertigo Quarterly SFX #1   Is there a maxim number a quests you can have at once?   Good to know. Thanks.   This is good to know. Thanks.   Wait...you cam re-roll your daily quest?   Here is a comment I had on a previous discussion on it:  And I figure with the recent news confirming Bloodshot movies people will read The Valiant, which has Geomancer as a prominent figure. Thus leading to more people wanting to read more, i.e. when they google Geomancer I am sure this book will pop up.   We ever going to get Biomotor Unitron?   Does this mean I can relive or redo three years? If so yes.   Back in my day Batman had nipples!   The movie was really well built. So this is looking promising.   Just wow. Wondering how this is going to end. Since he seems to have so much power will he give it all up to stay on that last page?   [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/valiant/comments/33b8r6/valiant_wants_as_few_people_as_possible_to_read/.compact) is a post on /r/valiant.  Basically it is going to be sent out to LCS that order the Book of Death Event, but as an order incentive. And by the sounds of it there aren't going to be a ton of copies.  And I figure with the recent news confirming Bloodshot movies people will read The Valiant, which has Geomancer as a prominent figure. Thus leading to more people wanting to read more, i.e. when they google Geomancer I am sure this book will pop up.   All I know is I'm starting to save up to try and snag a copy of the Legend of the Geomancer when it comes out. Order Incentive only comic after Bloodshot Movie hype leading people to read The Valiant...yea it is gonna cost a pretty penny.   No one can agree on which tie ins to get. At $4 each, most cant exactly get them all.   Nice to see Valiant with 2 of their 3 books in the top 10 this week.   With the Hyacinth Macaw as a special Legendary.    Been curious about the Atlantis.   "If enough of us dream, if a bare thousand of us dream, we can change the world. We can dream it anew!" ￼  "Little one, I would like to see anyone — prophet, king or God — persuade a thousand cats to do anything at the same time."  Both from my favorite issue of Sandman. #18 A Dream of a Thousand Cats.   The fact it has a question make...I just dont even know how to start comprehending that.    Dont forget Poison Ivy! What kind of enemy needs an Avatar, Atlantean, a Demon, and a Plant Woman to defeat it?   Are you familiar with Pally decks at all? I posted one to get some feedback.   Why not Ivar #4?   So I've hand a decent run with [this](http://www.hearthpwn.com/deckbuilder/paladin#23:1;29:2;158:2;191:2;206:1;250:1;260:1;265:1;293:2;350:1;355:1;394:1;414:1;422:1;463:1;577:1;642:2;657:1;12181:1;12223:1;12244:1;12257:1;12280:1;14435:1;14454:1;) paladin deck. Usually a good 3-5 win streak in early ranked and casual. Was wondering if anyone can suggest some changes in it to round it out better.   Thanks!   Am I correct in thinking you should disenchant every card after your second one in you collection from buying packs (After 1 if Legendary)?   Turn off all possible battery drains, wifi (if you dont mind data usage), NFC, Bluetooth, background apps, screen brightness, etc. . .I'm on an M8 and I last several hours before needing to recharge.   **BOOM! Studios**  * Clive Barker's Nightbreed #12  **Cosmic Times**  * Metal Locus #1  **Dark Horse**  * Mister X Razed #3  **DC Comics**  * Convergence #3  * Convergence Batman amd thr Outsiders #1  * Convergence Hawkman #1  * Convergence Justice League America #1  * Convergence Swamp Thing #1  * Suiciders #3  **Marvel**  * Amazing Spiderman #17.1  * Black Widow #17  * Guardians Of The Galaxy And X-Men The Black Vortex Omega #1  * Hulk #15  * Inhuman Special  * Star Wars #4  **Valiant**  * Divinity #3  * Ivar Timewalker #4  * Ninjak #2   Animal Man, Swamp Thing, Frankenstein Agent of Shade, and then Amethyst. Some kind of over arching story where Shade is wanting to control the Red/Green, ushering the need for a new Avatar of each, following with Frank going against the Avatars while slowly learning the truth about Shade's plans. Finally leading us to Amethyst showing Frankies exactly why Shade is bad.   TFW "way back" is 2011. . .   Meh I get to see them all for free anyways. Sometimes early at that. . .   Its not a behind the scenes look per say. It is a photo of Leto showing showing someone a picture of himself as the Joker on his phone. Can barely see it at all.   Anyone got a mirror?   August?   Salted Caramel vodka is good enough for me. Stuff is delicious with apple juice.   MPAA definitly has the tools to figure out which theatre is being recorded.   Digital format does indeed use a "key" file. Usually it is just for features, but occasionally trailers need a key too (mostly high profile trailers such as Hunger Games).   If I understand right, the MPAA can figure out exactly which theatre a recording is from by applying some kind of filter to a certain frame of a feature.   I would imagine the BvS trailer would have a key, at least for the Premier version, and chances are that if the DC cares enough the theatre this one is recorded in can be in trouble.   Salem I think I would enjoy.   -Yet ANOTHER Award for Neil Gaiman this year. Is he THE Author of 1991?  -Check out my awesome Cosplay of Death from Sandman.   My LCS screwed up my pull last month and I never got Valiant #4, hopefully they have that still when I pick stuff up tomorrow.   Another week where I am only getting 1 or 2 from the top ten. What is up with that?   Pretty much yea.   I mean you can always get a refund juat saying, "Something came up I need to go"   Outcast   I see it mentioned a decent amount on here. The reason I mentioned these two were mainly the subscription services offered to be able to catch up fairly close to current issues.   While Image does have many good series, practically none are in the same universe, which some people like to have in their different series they are reading.   Well check out Marvel Unlimited. It has most issues from a couple months back and further. (EDIT: apparently you can use the promo code Star Wars to get a free month)  Valiant was revived a couple years back and most people that have read their titles enjoyed them. You can find a good amount on Scribd.   Wow really?   Cinemark Legacy in Plano had the Barco Escape for Maze Runner. No telling if they will bring it back for Star Wars.   Excellent.   Please be there Thursday...   Don't tease me. . .   **Avatar Press**  * Dark Gods #5  **Boundless**  * Ember #0  **DC Comics**  * Convergence #2  * Convergence Shadow of the Bat #1  * Convergence JLI #1  **Dynamite**  * Django/Zorro #6  * King Phantom #2  **Image**  * Tithe #1  **Marvel**  * Legendary Star-Lord #11  **Valiant**  * Bloodshot Reborn #1   Well it isnt really twice in a row since Avengers 2 comes out first. . .   Lollipop has finally been rolled out to ATandT's HTC One M8. For those of you that have been waiting like me. . .   So the very last issue of The Names is gonna be $3.99? That's kinda silly.   /x/ would go back and videotape Roswell landing.   Good catch. I could see them being in financial trouble for what we see in the last episode.   Murdock's costume when he was just "The Mask" reminded me of a black Iron First costume somewhat.   Sometimes collected editions have cover art and other stuff un it.   What incentives do comic bookstores get when you declare them as your place of purchase when you redeem digital codes from Marvel comics? Just wondering.   Working a double so havent had time yet to read Savior. . .   Well if Killer Mike ever goes Platinum. . .   Vol. 2 wasn't entirely forgettable. The cat scene T.T  	103
 are you my neighbor who was sitting out in his backyard last night farting repeatedly?   I've heard of this place but every time I've tried to go there, it's just ridiculous. Can't even sit down and a 45 minute wait or whatever.    I highly recommend the book "Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy." I've read lots of books on CBT, mindfulness, etc but keep coming back to this one when I need a refresher.   This was pretty much my nightmare when I was dating a single dad. Basically our life was on hold until that kid turned 18 (he was 2-6 when we dated) and there was always the chance he would still be living with us well into his 20's. F--k that!   *DVD. Can't edit on my phone. Or type apparently    I'm pretty sure I put more thought into my DVDS player than most people do about having kids.    Yeah. I'm not sure why she would have taken her keys if she jumped.    Yeah I was kind of wondering if this got any media attention at the time. Sounds to me like she may have jumped off the bridge.       This kind of speaks to part of the reason I don't want kids - it's such a wild card. Every time you choose to have one, you are taking a huge risk that something could be wrong physically or mentally that will put an insane extra amount of stress on what is already a stressful existence as a parent of a "normal" kid. You may end up having a child who will never EVER leave the nest, not to mention financial burden you throughout retirement. If you can even retire.    I went to a group therapy thing last night. One of the women who showed up looked absolutely exhausted and emotionally beat down. She proceeded to tell us that she was 56 years old and had three children still living at home. She "got started late" and had her first child at 38. The last one came along when she was 44, so her youngest is 12. Her husband also died several years ago so she is raising the kids alone.  I'm starting to wonder if the advantage of group therapy is really just to see first hand those who are worse off than you, because this lady's problems sure made me feel better about my life. Really, no matter WHAT, I can say "at least I don't have children."  This woman is going to be 62 years old before her last child turns 18 and (hopefully, but not necessarily) leaves the nest. Dear god almighty. I can't even imagine. I don't even have the energy or desire to deal with kids now, much less at her age. By the time she can enjoy her life and do something for herself, she's going to be elderly. I wonder if people even think ahead about these things?    Yet another thread on focal length that deteriorates in the same old argument. Seriously, this shows up in every photography forum online at least once a day. It's actually MORE confusing if you try and give a newbie the technically correct explanation to this problem. Why not let them just consider it a 135mm equivalent and call it a day?    Exactly. When I was shopping for a new MacBook, I priced out similar spec'd Windows machines and there wasn't much difference. The super cheap laptops are basically for people who use the Internet and maybe some light word processing or whatever. I'm a photographer so I need speed and a decent screen, so once you get into those realms, even a Windows machine gets pricy. And in my experience they don't last as long before stuff breaks and things get buggy and slow.    Why on earth is this comment being downvoted? Does having to buy a gift card with another gift card REALLY make sense to people?   Well, in that sense, nobody NEEDS a laptop or any computer. First world luxury.      Had no idea, thanks. That seems kind of dumb though. I wonder why they don't just let you use them for either place instead of making you "buy" another gift card.     Here we go. You know, some people actually have legit reasons to use Apple. Photographers, videographers, designers. I won't go into why, google it if you want.   Not to mention, I had my last MacBook for nine years before I upgraded. I never had a Windows machine last anywhere near that long. I would rather pay a little more up front for something that I know is going to last me a long time.    Meh. I financed mine that way. I see nothing wrong with leveraging 0% financing in order to get something now and slowly pay it off instead of having to wait possibly a year to save up for something you may really need now. As long as you pay it off before the promotional period ends, what's the difference?   I just took advantage of this and received two gift cards from the rewards program. I have no use for them. They are good for the Apple Store only, not the App Store. I guess if you buy stuff from them often it might be beneficial.    Keep in mind it's 0% for 18 months or whatever but if you don't pay it off in full by that time, they charge you interest on the entire amount.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bE-pjGjX80I     I had my first ever sleep paralysis/shadowmen episode about six months ago. I hope it NEVER happens again. I was freaking terrified, and frozen. Finally I managed to pull it together and turn on a light, and of course no one was there. But holy shit.   I kind of understand how you feel. My mom was always stressed out and losing her mind and treated my sister and I like we were a huge burden all the time. We were both planned, she WANTED two kids. She was just miserable all the time and MEAN.  I was severely depressed as a child/teenager and my mother was just horrible... and then on top of it all she and my father always acted like we should be grateful to them. In reality, I wasn't grateful. I didn't choose to be born. Back then I was so miserable - because of my mother - that I wished they had never had me. I mean what the hell is that, choosing to have kids and then treating them like shit? It's so f--ked up!  I moved away when I was 18. I'm still on good terms with them but they have no input into my life and there are no fights. Best thing I ever did was get myself out of that immediate environment.     I mean the weird looking houses that still exist around Bethlehem were built in the 50s. I don't know about the apartment complex. I looked a few of the houses up on zillow b   Oh, very interesting - thanks!  Those houses were/are such an odd design. There are still a ton of them along Libbie and those streets - they just look like 85% of the house is the roof. Kinda Cape Cod-ish, but not. No idea what that type of architecture is called, but given the ugliness I would place them as being built in the 70s...  Edit: Looked up a few of them, and they were built in the mid-50s   I live near Libbie Mill, but when I moved here, that whole area was already razed (Staples Mill   Bethlehem Rd). It's my understanding that whole area used to be kind of a low income, high crime apartment complex?   I'm just kind of curious about the history of the neighborhood. If you go across Broad Street, the property values jump up compared to the area surrounding Libbie Mill (though my tax assessment went up considerably this year). I'm wondering if that is a reflection of that apartment complex being there for so long - like it was keeping property values down because it was super shitty, or something?   I've seen this happen. A lot.  In fact, my ex kept talking about wanting a child with me when we were breaking up... when having a child is what led to HIS divorce, for all the reasons you described. I basically pointed to his kid and said, "How did that work out for you the last time?"   One of my friends, who is a mother and complete narcissist, posted this on her Facebook today. I already find it really disturbing that people have kids these days for the purpose of having a "mini me" - and yet us childfree people are the self-centered ones - but actually referring to the child as a mini me is really disturbing. I can just imagine the issues a child could grow up with with a parent who acts like the child isn't an independent person. Good grief!!      Oh, I'M the immature one. That makes sense....  	29
  I can't seem to bring myself to do it.   Yes, same here. I should send my CVs to every job offers, but I can't. I had a long, horrible work experience (also my first), where I developed really bad anxiety and depression. Now I'm a lot better now, and I'd like to have a job and be independent again, but the anxiety kicks in everytime when I think about it. I'm not stupid either, actually I think these disorders are more common among intelligent people.   Sorry, I don't have an answer... if I had any, I wouldn't be here. Maybe try meditation and exercise. They helped me with my depression, but didn't cure all of my anxiety.  	1
 ,........   Are there any shows that started on youtube worth watching for somebody who isn't a thirteen year old girl?     Solid answers. Thanks everybody   I'm looking for the physics involved.   Why sell it to the network in the first place?    An established network definitely has the buying power to make a name for a new show, but why is an established show like Family Guy on a network? Is it simply because the producers believe the cost of the network will be offset by greater advertising revenues or is there something special about TV that you don't get when you distribute over the internet? Is it simply a matter of costs to production?    I want to know what convinced you to make that vow in the first place. Now that you bring it up I kinda hafta make that vow to myself now.   Good for you. That's an oath worth breaking.   My German teacher put on Sophie's Choice but turned the subtitles off. Also, it was just the last scene at the train station so we got like, literally, zero buildup.  If you haven't seen it, this Nazi guy gives this lady the choice to save one of her children from the concentration camps. Not funny right? But then she chooses the son! And the girl is like "What the fuck mom?" And that's the end of the movie! Roll credits, you can all go home now.  I don't know what's wrong with me, but the last scene of that movie is fucking hilarious in broken German. My teacher was mortified. He just assumed he was raising a class full of hitlers.    Swear to God, this just happened to me. Damn, reddit, you psychic.   Man, I don't want to take up a lot of your time, but this is such a great resource, I don't want to let you go.  At this point in the story, the kid likes to hurt animals. Do you have any insight on that thought process or what kind of feelings would motivate someone to enjoy causing pain?     Fuck this rule. Seriously.   Shocked is what happens when you say buttlicker in front of the queen. I almost died.   This is close but not far enough. Those orders came from Baca, but nobody had the balls to prosecute.   Thanks a bunch.   One last thing: what would you say to a mother whose kid might have CD? Do you have any deep insights that might help them? If you had five seconds to give the most important thing you've ever learned about APD or CD or even just mental illness to the public at large, what would it be?   Thanks a ton, I'm gonna blatantly steal everything you give me.  Have you had any experiences with parents resisting consent or diagnosis? And I know this is the million dollar question, but can a psychopath completely void of empathy learn remorse?  	15
 That is not over reacting, that's being possessive.   Is has to be 3. Knowledge is power.    The problem is, there are too many variables with the OP's problem. You{correct me if I'm wrong} have never met his wife or him. None of us know what's going through her mind, i.e whether she is suffering with post natal depression, what their sex life was like before, how he tries to discuss it with her, if there were complications during labour, her level of self esteem, whether she has returned to work already and really is just too tired etc etc. I could go on.   It's easy for you guys to say, well she could at least give oral. But hang on, if she's not feeling sexual then why the hell should she? No one would ever pressure their partner in this way and they wouldn't even think about it, if they loved him/her.   My partner works bloody long hours, we're in the middle of a custody battle and due to stupidly high solicitor fees causing us financial strain we're both a little stressed. Even so, my sex drive has always been higher than his. I often find that I want it when he isn't in the mood. Should I demand that he gives me oral or more when he really isn't in the mood? No! I just watch some porn instead. Masturbating is never as good as the real thing, but it's better than nothing.   Obviously males cannot carry and give birth to babies, you lot have no real understanding of the toll it takes on the body and on the mind. Among other things, she needs time and understanding, not be labelled as a selfish 'asshole'.     Agreed!    How do you feel about cloning? Aka dolly the sheep? {curiosity question}   I disagree, my views haven't changed before or after I had my daughter. Instinct does play a big part in it, but so do moral values.    My personal view is that once the life form can feel physical pain, then abortion should be seen very in a negative light. There are of course certain circumstances where that rule does not apply. Such as rape or irregularities, i.e severe downs etc then the decision should be made by both the Mother and if he's around, the Father.   So many women use abortion as birth control and it sickens me. Women going for a third abortion due to 'accidental' pregnancy should be sterilised as they obviously don't have enough common sense to use contraception.   I don't think they are saying that newborns should be killed. They are purely trying to make a point regarding their views on abortion. Everyone has their own views on the subject, it all depends on your personal view of at which point during pregnancy is it a baby.  I know a lot Mums consider 6 weeks, as that is when the heart beat can be detected.       Your wife is a very lucky woman to find such an understanding guy. Good luck and thank you for restoring a little more of my faith in men.    Going on and on at her won't help. Be gentle and understanding. She needs your support right now, not pressure.   According to the experts' it takes approximately a year for the human body to fully heal itself after giving birth. The first 6 weeks after giving birth is when the body is most fertile. Having no sex for those first 6 weeks is actually recommended.   Breast feeding probably isn't helping your sex life, although it is of course helping your child.   To your wife, her breasts are there to feed baby. Obviously this is going to make her feel less sexy and more maternal. Maybe see how she feels about slowly stopping breast feeds. Be gentle though and remember that her body has been through the most naturally traumatic thing it will ever go through.   Giving birth really is a whole lot worse than than a punch to the gonads. Remember that her hormones are telling her to focus on baby not on more reproduction-which is of course, nature's reason for sex.   Try getting a baby sitter for the night. Take her to a hotel or let the grandparents do their bit and have baby for the night. Keep up the good work too-i.e the flirting and helping out at home. Trust me, she may not show it but she'll damn appreciate it.  Eventually you'll get your sex life back on track, just enjoy some fun with your right hand and it's twin for the time being. As hard as it is, be patient. Don't ever have a go at her for it as this only makes things ten times worse.  Oh and when you do have sexy time, remember to tend to her needs too. She's more likely to come back for seconds if you do ;) Remember her favourite position and foreplay moves. Give her a full body massage to get her in the mood and relax her. But be gentle with the boobies. They will be very sensitive at the moment.   Good luck. One last thing, don't be a douche and cheat on her. She's just had your kid! Show some love for the women helping you to carry on your genes!    Exactly!    Whilst smoking. "Nicotine is actually good for you. It helps lower chances of dementia."  Also "Only tailor made fags will give you cancer"  Ummmm. I don't want to live in this world any more!!!!     Exactly! Cancer sticks aren't cheap!!!    Anal?    I have a friend like that. She soon shut up when I started asking who her favourite band member is and her favourite song. Had to do this a few times before she finally admitted to loving Brittany Spears and Bieber.    Forever alone . .      an headache?     Bleugh fishy tea really doesn't sound very appetising!    Did the fish enjoy their milk?   I've never thought of using soup to wash my arm pits before. Might try that sometime. . .   Do you not have a kettle?   May be you could try taking it up a level . . .       "This is nature's way of saying fuck you Darwin"      I have seen some awesome comments on reddit and I have seen some lame ones. This comment gets the award for lamest so far.    I often reply with: "the time is the time my friend"    Any time my boyfriend pays for something he says; 'here's __ of your Earth pounds"   We've been together 3 years now and it still makes me laugh when the cashier looks at him absolutely baffled. The joys of dating a geek redditor. . .   Congrats on successfully helping your girlfriend. She's a lucky girl to have a guy stick by her through it. Most guys will freak out at any girl that may have even the slightest bit of 'baggage'.     How can someone that is nothing but skin and bones be 'hot'? The girl is probably ill. My best friend is male. He's a few inches taller than I but weighs 3 stone less than I and I'm a size 8-10. He currently is very unattractive because of it. If he put on a bit of weight though, he would have a much better chance of getting laid. He doesn't have an eating disorder though, unless you call being a chef and not being arsed to cook at home a disorder.    Up voted for red October, made me chuckle!      Why for bedding in particular?   A Restore Magicka potion is much better.    Ever been licked by a cat? Think sand paper, then imagine it being used to grope your balls. . .   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_penis_size   Your wife sounds awesome.    My boyfriend does that a lot. I often wake him up with a blow job too. He does moan if he has work though :/    He carried on whilst bleeding in your mouth?? Get your own back next time you're on.     water sports dreams . . .   That's why having the biggest dick in town, isn't really a good thing. It also means you can get more of your cock down her throat, because there's less of it.     Not so much awkward, but definitely funny. So I'm laying down whilst giving my man a blow job with my eyes closed{I was a little tired}. Suddenly he starts squealing at me to get off! I open my eyes mid suck to see our kitten Meson; licking his balls.    Dance as if nobody is watching   Never work in a nursery/crèche.     I have the same problem. He's a dobermann for goodness sake! I'm sure he can look after himself for a couple of hours, but I worry about there being a fire etc and I'm not there to get him out.    If you've had traumatic experience, then you should seek counselling or at least talk to a trustful friend about it. Also sometimes, experiences had as a child can effect us much more than we realise. You definitely need to talk to someone.    What's the paranoia over?    Small step ladders and going to the top step. I can go up maybe 4 steps on a taller ladder, but as soon as I get near the top I panic. It's weird because I'm fine in planes etc. I hate standing on chairs or stools too. I'm a freak . .    I do wear bikinis but I lack the balls literally speaking.    Wow! loving that hair!    Showering every day and wearing cleaning pants should stop the sweaty arse issue. There's also talc. . .     Giving is just as fun{as long hygiene rules are followed of course!}    You have a bikini area? You wear bikinis???    A used one?   Yeah but most of us put them away after use!    I recently found that photos from my Facebook and also some of my information has been used to make a fake profile on this site. This site is for people looking for sex, to meet online  I am also currently in the middle of a custody battle over my little girl. My ex found the profile on wicked wives and is using it against me in court. I obviously need to sort this out quickly.   He has contacted social services and is accusing me of accessing this site whilst my daughter is there and also of having sex with strangers whilst she's in my care. Both accusations are completely false. Unfortunately though, social services has told him to deny me access to my daughter until they have investigated it.   I've spoken to the police tonight and they are looking it to it. They say   however, that they don't think they can do much about it.   I can't even get rid of it because there seems to be nowhere on the site, to recover forgotten passwords and no one has replied to my emails either.   My friend set up a fake profile so he could send a message on the site to who ever is pretending to be me. He got a robot message back asking for an introduction and basically trying to get him to reply.    When you sign up you get to send 1 free message to another member. If you want to send more, you have to pay for them.  Does anyone have any idea what I can do about this or has anyone experienced a similar situation?      I've tried that :/    I've tried to use the forward option on Facebook but it doesn't seem to work. Also there is no 'select all' which is a little frustrating.      I've tried to use the forward option on Facebook but it doesn't seem to work. Also there is no 'select all' which is a little frustrating.      covered? It really should only be a little bit blood.   	59
 I've thought about that. The word abuse has sprung up a couple of times in my meetings with my councilor. They are convinced that I am verbally abused, I just deny it. I also see myself defending him a lot. For instance, he does have a mood disorder that I knew of previous to my situation, and I was not making sense even to myself. I'm going to sound like an idiot so spare me, but I really like him. He is usually warm and charming, just recently not so much. Which is probably why the situation hurt me more. If I could stop liking him I would, but for me that's really hard  	1
 Why not check out the Special Olympics site? They might have some good ideas :-)   I thought I was driving a car through the hospital. Changing gear, using the horn to get other people off the road. Apparently it was pretty funny for the guy pushing my wheelchair.    You need to get back into some sort of talking therapy if possible.  You could also try giving yourself time limits for doing things like standing near a window, then an open window, then by the door, then with the door open, then just outside. Slowly build up your confidence in getting out of the place when you really don't want to?  Sending internet hugs to you, I know that feeling all too well x   It is also good for applying after having a tattoo to reduce swelling (apparently)   Ouch :-)   Colorado is currently $3.35/gallon where I live. I can't math for you :(   Hurricane George   Good job I am seeing my therapist Thursday too! :-)   And that is why I cannot watch this film with my kids. The anxiety I felt from that scene was overwhelming.   Thank you. I have had panic attacks previously, but these seem to be longer and more subtle than the panic rushes I have had before. I am still getting the intense panic 'rushes' but also an ongoing sense of panic and dread that is lasting for hours, but at slightly lower levels than regular panic attacks. I try to regulate my breathing, and I use the relaxation techniques that my therapist taught me. Unfortunately, because I have some agoraphobic issues, going for a walk is not always an option. I will try the positive reinforcement though.   My anxiety is bad at the moment.  So bad it has morphed back to panic attacks, trying to hide from the world, physical symptoms (stomach issues, headaches).  I am so tired from trying so hard not to let this ruin my life, but every time I think I have a handle on it, it all just creeps back in, worse and worse every time.  I am going through some shitty stuff at the moment, husband has told me, but not yet decided, that he may or may not want to stay married, living 4000 miles from friends and family, kids being 4 and 7 years old and acting accordingly, just had fairly heavy surgery and also trying to work full time.  I am trying to stay positive and remember that 'this too shall pass' but right now I want to get up, walk out and not come back.  But I won't because that voice of responsibility, and owing it to everyone to make it ok, in my head wont let me.   Could have been a misstype for BPD? Bi-Polar Disorder.   Thank you :-)   My husband did this to me 8 weeks ago, just before my birthday. Out of nowhere, a total suprise to me. We have two young kids and now nothing will ever be the same again.  Believe me, I know how it feels to be on the recieving end of this. I wish I could tell you it gets easier, but as I am only at the beginning of sorting this out in my head it really isn't at the moment.    Yeah, I am stuck in that place right now. I know the trigger, but I cannot do anything about it in this state of mind. I am sitting here hiding from the world and swinging between wanting to call my Dr for a med evaluation and not wanting to speak to anyone at all.   Hi :-) Feeling ok thanks, still bruised and a bit swollen, but I did go back to work already which may not have been the most sensible choice! Xx   Hi! Thanks for asking :-) I am feeling much better thanks, very bruised and tired, but only 12 day post surgery so it is to be expected! Going back to work this week may have been a mistake though, but I was bored! Xx   I am not sure what made me smile more about this photo, his little face peeking out the window, or him being called Spanky :-)   Um, why is this tagged NSFW? Or am I missing something here? :-)   Thanks, I wouldn't want to go through it again, but if I could have a similar team I know it would be ok :-)   Thank you! It went as well as it could have and they identified the cause of the pain and fixed it. Just in a lot of post-surgical pain today, very bruised and swolled but glad it should all be over now :-)   Thanks :-) She is loving me!      Turns out I have a twisted fallopian tube and scar tissue around the ovary. Makes me feel much better knowing I was actually in pain rather than it being in my head as one person suggested in other thread I was writing on! :-)   Thanks :-) Just very swollen and bruised now, but on Dilauded tablets which are really helping!   It went fine thanks, had to have the ovary removed. The anaesthitic was fine. Ask for a premed and it will really relax you. Also ask for the iv anaesthitic as it is way less scary than the gas mask. Hope it all goes ok for you xxxx   Thank you :-)   It was ok, very anxiety inducing but I tried to control my breathing etc. There was pretty much always someone in the room with me doing stuff so I wasnt in my own to long to start my mind racing.  Ended up having an overy removed, should know more/why once I have spoken to y surgeons asistant.  On lots of painkillers. Had some good sleep on them which is nice.   Thank you for your support and internet hugs :-)   Thanks :-)   Thank you :-)   I have a nausea patch which has been great. They gave me a premed in the or and i fell asleep laughing at my surgical team!   Thank you :-) Got lots of offers for help and cooking which is nice :-)   Hope you are all healed now xx   It was pretty good, i fell asleep lauging :-)   Thanks :-)   Ended up having an ovary removed. CT and untrasound are great, my own Dr told me there are several things that cannot be picked up by those tests. Last year they discovered that when standing,  a cyst on my overy was pullin it into tortion, but when i layed down for the scans it moved back it to its proper place and looked normal.   Thank you :-)   Thank you :-)   Thanks :-)   Thank you! You must have dealt with abdo pain as not many people do realise how it affects everything - including walking! :-)   Thank you :-)   Thank you. The waiting is horrible, especially as I am scheduled for early afternoon!   Thank you. I am looking forward to the possibility of no more pain!   Aww :-)   Thank you :-)   Thank you. I think I will be working on my breathing all morning! :-)   Thanks :-)   It sure does suck :-)   Thanks :-)   Thank you :-)   I will try my breathing exercises. I am not very good going under and tend to remain concious until I feel my breathing stop. I know it is not actually stopping, and that there is a team there to keep me alive, but it feels as though I am suffocating as I go to sleep. I usually come round pretty agitated - I once punched the nurse as I had no idea where I was or who was in my face :-(   Thank you :-)   Thank you :-)   Thanks :-)   Thank you :-)   Thank you. Yes, that is pretty much what I am scared of. I have improved a lot though with my 'worst-case-scenario-itis'  because I no longer actively avoid car trips to keep out of accidents :-)   Thank you. I have had similar surgery before to remove an ovarian cyst. But as the cannot identify the exact cause of my pain right now, they are doing the exploratory to try and find if there is a cyst hiding, adhesions, or something else going on. I have given her permision to do what is needed once she is in there. I was sterilized last year, so there will be no really big issues if for example an ovary needs removing. I think it is fear of the anaesthetic and not having control, as well as not knowing the outcome until I come round.   Thanks :-)    I am having an exploratory laparoscopy tomorrow to try and find the cause of intense abdominal pain that I have been having for a month now.   I hate having general anaesthetics, I get very anxious and scared and my worst case scenario thinking comes out in full force.  I am struggling to stay calm about it tonight. Even though I know it is a relatively minor procedure, they will not know what they need to do to resolve any problems until they are in there.  I know my surgeon and trust her, but it is still scary to me and I am going over all the things that could go wrong in my head. It is not helping that I am having to take strong painkillers and they are clouding my ability to process my thoughts logically.  I am going to be a nervous wreck going in there, and last time I remember crying as they put me under because I was so scared that I was never going to wake up again.  So I am feeling miserable and in pain and just looking for a bit of support and sympathy :-(   **edit** So I am home safe and sound, but minus one ovary. I will find out more tomorrow when my surgeon cals. Thanks for all the hugs and comments of to take my mahooosive painkillers now xxxx   **edit** **2** so it was a twisted fallopian tube abd scar tissue surrounding the ovary. No wonder it hurt!!   I want to be made into a diamond, set in a ring, and passed down through the generations of my family when they marry.   Not today I assume :-)   Now I am sad :-(   Dammit I need one of those! I would never be sad again!   I just wanted to send you an internet hug. Well done :-)   Me too   Thank you :-)   Thank you   I am realising more and more how he is just like a teenager. And he is trying to make me feel bad for doing what needs to be done. I am not going to let him do that. He ended the marriage. He has to deal with the pain he is causing himself.   Thank you.   I know it is going to suck for them. I also went through divorce as a kid. That is why I am trying hard to keep things civil between us.  I want my daughter to grow up seeing how imoortant it is to have self respect and self love.   Yes, they are certainly his! And I am done running around after him.   I saw my therapist today and we talked about the manipulation. She has given e good guidelines to go by and I agree with her when she says that I no longer have an obligations to him. He has no right to expect anything from me now. He ended the marriage, he has to deal with the consequences. I am not bending over backwards to make it all alright for him anymore.   I know. He just wants the benefits of a wife and mother without the responsibility of a partner and kids. There is no way I am staying on a 'friendship' basis as he wants. Neither me or the kids deserve that.   Thankfully our son is probably too young to remember this in the future, but I am going to make suremy daughter grows up knowing that it is important to be in a relationship where you are valued and appreciated.  	74
 Here's the original post from over a year ago:  www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/16z92o/28m_broke_up_with_24f_did_i_do_the_right_thing/  Today I was going through old posts on my IG page and I saw a post she liked.  Not even thinking I clicked on her screen name.  Usually it just goes to the default "This user is private" screen.  But I guess she's public again because all her pictures showed up.  I glanced at the pics before closing the window.  She seems to be doing well but good lord is she beautiful!!  She looks even better than when I was dating her.    I'm okay though.  I felt a little depression due to feeling like I lost a pretty good girl but I'm sure I'll get over it.  Quick rant... The older generation didn't have to deal with the social media stuff like we do.  If you broke up with someone back then it was easier to move because they weren't connected like we are.  ---    **tl;dr**: I checked my ex's IG page after a year of NC and it lead to a brief feeling of depression.   So basically women are human beings like us and there's no exact formula to getting them?    Who knew?  But seriously, I wish more guys would realize this.  Too many times in the seduction community guys get upset when something they read on the internet doesn't work.  Women are complicated, and what works on some won't work on others.     I'm sure most of it has to do with my relationship with my mother and my sister.  I would definitely characterize my mom as overly controlling and critical.  She also chose other guys over me throughout my childhood.  The rest isn't true for me.  I've been to therapy, I know a lot of my feelings towards women comes from my mom.  I grew up in a household full of deceit and thought that you just accept the good in people and love them despite their screw ups.  I ruined a really good relationship because I cheated and figured, "Hey that's what people do."  But besides that, I can have a well-adjusted relationship.  I just haven't found a good girl who is intellectually stimulating as well as good in bed.   wow, this is me and I'm 12 years your junior.  I guess I can expect things to be the same as I get older.   dammit. I can't fix the typo either. :(      whoa, how'd you know? lol.   Yes I'm switching careers.  but thanks for the advice.  I think I'll be fine once I start.  You make a good point about nobody regretting the MBA as well.   Yeah I know it sounds crazy but debt scares me.  Thanks for your insight.  Good points all around.   I got into Kellogg and got a 65% scholarship.  I turned down a 75% scholarship from a top 10 school and a 100% scholarship from a top 20 school.  My career goals are related to mostly marketing and product management.  I chose Kellogg because their program, brand, and alumni connections.  Now that I've been accepted the debt is starting to scare me.  I refuse to go into i-banking or consulting so the pay increase will be marginal.  (I already make six figs).  In the long run I think it will be worth it but in the meantime while I countdown the days at work, all I can think about is the crazy amount of debt I will have to take on.  (roughly $120K over the next two years).    Could someone who has already been through this provide some perspective?  The decision has been made, I just want to feel better and snap out of this slight depression I'm in.    I realize I'm VERY fortunate to be in this position so please don't take this post as me being ungrateful.   I love soul music and recently stumbled onto this:  http://youtu.be/Vk8Vsx0n5Dg  It's in Portuguese however.  I was wondering if there are any similar Spanish groups.   ahh I see now.  It's not easily noticeable however.   I've got a few buddies helping me move some things and I'm not quite sure how to repay them.   I'm thinking I should get a cooler with some beers, anything else?   I was able to get it working.  The list is here:  https://groups.freecycle.org/group/Desmoinesfreecycle/posts/all   Everything under my screen name.  It's just some little stuff here and there.   LOL.  I too, worry about insignificant stuff like this.   I am moving soon and need to give away a bunch of stuff that could be useful to others.  Usually I'd just use Freecycle but the site won't let me log in:  https://groups.freecycle.org/group/Desmoinesfreecycle/posts/all  Is anyone else having trouble with it?  Is there another alternative?    I don't mind taking stuff to Goodwill but I'd rather just give it to people directly.   I mean this is cool and all, but still VERY dumb.  Hopefully none of you Redditors get any similar ideas.  9 times out of 10 he'd be shot and possibly dead.   I don't get it.  What is this photo in reference to?   I'm black and I don't say the n word.  So because *some* other blacks do it it's okay for a white person to say it around me?     I admire people who look good with a bald head.  I'm not bald but I admire the ability and versatility that comes with having such an optimal head shape.      I'm going to respond to all of this and challenge most of your points.  Ready?   I'm not like you kids. I am not 15. I'm an adult.     Depression didn't hit me until I turned 26.  There's no age limit on these things.   I have no girlfriend. No job. No house. No personality. I have achieved nothing and I have no skills.    This is nothing but negative speak, which does nothing to help.  Do you want a girlfriend?  Trust me they can be a pain in the ass too.  Are you actively working towards a job?  A house isn't a big deal.  No personality??!  WTF?  Cmon you're just beating yourself up for no reason at this point.   I should have done electronic engineering. But I didn't. I should've gone straight into a masters program. But I didn't.  Why?  I'm an engineer and not necessarily happy.  How does going straight into a masters program help?  You could be in the same situation with more debt.  You need to be more rational about these negative thoughts your having.   There're people my age who have children on purpose. Some of my friends have mortgages. Some of them are with the people they're going to marry.  How does any of this matter?  Children and spouses don't cure depression. All the things you listed could actually make you feel worse.    It's not even like I'm one of these jobless losers who is like that because they spent their youth just having fun. Never been overseas. I never started a band. Why wasn't I in a band? Why didn't I do a gap year and travel? Why didn't I pursue acting? Even if I didn't become famous, at least I would've really tried. Have no regrets. Now I'm old. And I don't know what to do. When my sister has children and they ask me about my life, what am I going to tell them? That I never even tried? That they should never listen to their loser uncle? There are people who had abusive parents or got kicked out of home at 16 or had cancer and achieve 10 times what I have.    More pointless negative speak.  At this point you're just rambling about things that could've been with no real rationale behind it.  Be in a band?  Pursue acting?  These don't sound like things you're passionate about.  Honestly they just sound like shit to do.   I have no energy at all. I have no motivation.  Are you willing to do something about it?  If so /r/GetMotivated is calling     I need drugs. I need some chemical to trick my brain into feeling like everything can still work out.   This is the absolute WORST reason to get on meds.  Take it from me, they don't fix the root of your problems.  Start there and look into meditation if you're serious about fixing your problems.   What do you guys do when you feel like this?  I'm fat  Workout. Can't afford a gym /r/bodyweightfitness is calling you.  No excuses.   , unemployed,   Jobs don't make you happy.  Volunteer... it may provide the perspective you need about your situation.     old,   We all get older.  Either come to terms with it now or be miserable forever.  Hell I've gotten older since I started typing to you.  You can still achieve things at an older age.     stupid, unskilled, unqualified,   You have the internet and numerous resources to address all of these.  Harvard has free online classes for programming.  You can address your weaknesses if you really want to.   and I live with my parents.  Take it as an opportunity to save money and reach your goal.   I've never been suicidal, but I think I'm starting to understand it. I'm not in any immediate danger and I would never kill myself while my parents are alive, but on the other hand I don't see any realistic way out. I don't know what to fucking do.  Just reading your story there's no reason to be suicidal.  You're just in a slump.  The good thing is you can get out of it.  But only if you REALLY want to.  That's what you have to do.  Just today I came into work depressed. I logged into this subreddit and figured I'd help others.  I already feel better because I have found worth by giving advice to others.  Things can always get better.  But when you have depression you have to keep fighting.  best of luck!   What steps have you taken to combat your depression? Have you seen a doctor or therapist? Have you considered medication? etc.  If you want this to end you have to take the first step. FYI, I personally refuse to take meds again but that's me.  We all respond differently to different methods.   I agree but what about the small chance that the diagnosis was incorrect.  I know a bunch of stories where people defied odds and proved the doctors wrong.  I'm not judging either way, just curious.   I watch porn... to remind me of the grand reward.  But your method sounds better.   Of course not.     You applied to some pretty good schools and don't have a lot of work experience.    Without knowing other key things about your profile (race, gender, undergraduate major, undergrad institution, quality of recommendations, quality of essays) I can say I'm not surprised.  Get more work experience and bump your GMAT up or apply to lower tiered schools.   If my partner is not willing to at least consider my needs then it's worth breaking it off in my opinion.    I understand how relationships work... Both parties have to at least care about each other needs. If one party refuses then there's nothing left to discuss in my opinion.   No way is point #2 true.  What is your source?  Additionally to the OP, it all depends on where you are now in your career.  As someone that already makes six figures, getting my MBA makes less financial sense once I factor in the two years of lost wages.  But I'm still going full-time since I know what I want to do.   Call me ignorant, but how can people tolerate stuff like this?  I'd get divorced so quickly...   Yeah nothing about his schedule makes sense.  Downing coffee then going back to sleep?!?   Correlation does not equal causation.    Good crop job!  I've started to go back thru some of my old photos that were throwaways and it's amazing what a good crop can do for a picture.     Sound advice... except when people use it to justify being a horrible human being.   Terrence Howard played a better Muhammed Ali than Will Smith.  Too bad nobody saw that movie.   Solid yet realistic advice that doesn't sugarcoat anything.  I definitely agree that a woman's tolerance for assholes decreases with time.  People need to be aware of that and adjust their approach accordingly.   Not to be picky, but is there a version of this in text + pictorial form? My computer isn't good at running Photoshop plus youtube videos at the same time.   To be fair, Steve doesn't write the questions   Go see a doctor.  It's not hard to get a prescript for Xanax.  Especially if you have legitimate anxiety.     Those are some cool ass parents.   OP is so beta...   yeah that's her   I love this video.  It helped me focus and score above a 700 on my GMAT.  Plus dude has a cool voice.   I work in business. I know that sounds generic but it's what I do.  I have a lot of interaction with clients and do a lot of networking events as well.  I hate these with a passion but I just suck it up and approach people and start talking.  The same seduction rules apply.  Although not literally of course.  Basically the same way I used to sit back and ask myself a million questions before approaching a girl before I overcame my fear...  I use the same mental strategies to just go up and talk to people.  Whether they're CEO's, interns, or even a secretary.    The best tool I've learned is approaching a crowd and introducing colleagues to that crowd as an "in" or to make everyone feel comfortable.     Although I believe you can always learn new tricks, I have no problem getting girls so I use the majority of this stuff in other areas of life.  **Don't undersell the broad applicability of this information.**  Being able to approach strangers and converse with them has helped me tremendously as I've transitioned into a line of work that is almost 100% about relationship building.  I'm an introvert at heart but I've learned a lot from the PUA community when it comes to general confidence improvement.  I will admit that I feel a tad bit devilish using seduction on older married women.  But I never take it further than business.  What about you guys?     I'd recommend greasing the groove.  Especially if you have a pull up bar at home.  For some reason the assisted pullup machine never worked for me.  If forced to choose I would definitely go with negatives over the pullup machine.   If only they'd do vanity pricing like they do vanity sizing.  I ordered some pants from them and it was ridiculous how big they were given the measurements.  Why do they assume men need vanity sizing?   I'm the same way.  I've been somewhat stoic since I was a kid.  I witnessed a lot of lying, betrayal, and death as a kid but I was always able to put it in perspective.  Once I got to adulthood and had my heart broken I've had the hardest time recovering... and it's been over two years now.    Any knowledge you gain please share it.  And understand that you're not alone in dealing with this.   Welp, if you didn't want to see all these negative comments you probably shouldn't tried to exploit your nephew for karma.     I agree that moderation is the best strategy.  I've never been one to fap 5 times a day... Obviously those guys really need to work on their addiction.  I might max out at 3-4 times a week to keep the edge off.    	50
 Might I suggest expanding upon this? Tell us what you're going through, right here. If you're comfortable, that is. But you're protected by anonymity here, and I know that may seem terrifying, but it can be rather liberating. What I'm driving at with this is - post everything you're feeling right now. Post what you're going through. Get it all out there, and when people see it all, if they can relate or feel they can help, a good bunch of them will. But if you still feel you want to speak one-on-one, I can't guarantee I'll be the best of help, but I can at least guarantee that I will a) listen, and b) tell you whatever I feel comfortable telling you. But from experience, I know it's good to just get it off your chest. So I'm here if you need me.   Trust your gut. Tell him how you feel about him, and see how he responds to it - something tells me he just may reveal that true nature you suspect is under the surface. And the fact that he back-tracked to YOU, says that he may almost need you more than you need him. But if he's treating you like he is, than he's a toxic element to your life, and that is not something you need. And if he proves to be just that toxic - kick his ass to the curb. You deserve better than what he has to offer.   For some people dealing with depression, it can be hard being around people who also suffer depression. It can be for a variety of reasons - but sometimes, it can cause even a decent person to become insensitive, as you've noticed. One reason I have trouble opening up to people about my own depression offline is because, what happens to me most of the time, is they turn it into a competition. "You don't understand depression. Let me tell you about it." And you're right, it not only rips a tiny piece of you away, but it feels like they're also just ripping it up into tinier pieces, and then pissing on them. That's how it makes me feel - pissed on.  Reconsider who you talk to about your depression. Talk to your SO when you can. When you can't, consider this; you made a good choice coming here, because in all honesty, the anonymity that this website provides can be a boon - you can get it all out, without fear of judgement. And on top of that, you'll find people who can relate. When you find them, talk to them. Ask if they're willing to listen, and if they are - talk your heart it. Because there's nothing more frustrating than talking to a brick wall, and when someone doesn't want to hear you out, that's all they are.  And I'm sorry about the loss of your mother. That's a hard pill to swallow. Keep her in your memory, and mourn her whenever you need to - because that's a beautiful thing. You love her, and the fact that you get sad when you think of her proves that. They're never gone as long as we keep them in our hearts and memories. Take care of yourself, because you're worth it.   I'm so sorry to hear that. The loss of a family member is traumatic. Throughout my life, I've lost my grandfather, my uncle, and most recently my aunt. I didn't really know my grandfather (I was young), but my uncle and my aunt, I was pretty close to at points in my life. Losing them was hard.  As for your relationship - you are -not- ruining your relationship because you're mourning for your mother. Maybe he should take a step back and think - maybe he's ruining it. I'm sorry, but it doesn't really sound like -he's- invested in it, especially if he's cheated on you. And telling you to 'get over it'? That's ruthless. You just lost your mother, there's no way you can just 'get over it', and if he were more compassionate, he'd understand. He'd be there for you. I'm sorry, but he sounds toxic, and he just may not be the one for you, because if he truly loved you, he'd be supporting you through this. You're going through a very dark time, and what you need is a light to help guide you when you lose the path, and keep you warm while you rest. They should be a shelter to the storm, not the storm itself. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound judgmental, but you may need to reconsider your current situation with him, weigh the pro's and con's of staying with him, and if the con's outweigh the pro's.... go from there. Do what you have to do to keep yourself going. And if you find yourself in a dark place again, and he's not giving you the emotional support you need, come back here. Lurk other posts, read the comments - you might find someone in a similar position, or with similar experiences. I hope this helps, even if a little. Take care of yourself. You're worth it.   Anger is natural in some forms of depression, unfortunately. I call them 'rage-flashes' when they happen to me. Something sets me off, sometimes something as simple as an imagined sleight in my mind, and I just want to lash out. It's unfortunate when we do lash out, because then we end up hurting ourselves, or worse, the people who care about us.  Sounds to me like you and your grandfather were close? Because it sounds to me like his passing had a dramatic effect on you - which death, especially the death of a family member, can and will effect you. Especially if that person is close. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer - about 3 months passed between her diagnosis and her death. It was quick, it was vicious - and it was painful. When I found out she passed, I cried. I cried hard. Her and I hadn't been that close in the past few years (mainly because of distance, living in a different state), but I remember going to her place a few times every summer when I was little. So, when she passed, all those good memories flooded my mind, and I fell apart. I got depressed. I spiraled out, and just got angry for a short time at the universe - because how could it be so cruel as to take her from my family so quickly, and with such little warning.  It's painful, there's nothing you can do about it. But that pain reminds us that we're human. Being human makes us special - regardless of whatever you may think or hear - being human does make you special. And being special makes you worth it. You are. As for you happiness, when you're dealing with so much, it can be hard to find. But it can be found. Start taking steps to get help with your depression. See a doctor, talk to friends who you can trust to seriously listen, and if none of those really appeal, come back to /r/depression, and voice your thoughts and feelings. Because, again - you're worth it. You really, really, really are.   I was 21 when my wife took mine from me. And I have a bit of understanding what you're going through. Kids in high school who knew I was a virgin hassled me about it relentlessly. Even some of my friends took shots at me. But that's because a lot of them are assholes, and don't know any other way. They're stuck in their own little bubble, and they think they have it figured out, meaning they think they know how things should be - so if you haven't lived a life that parallels theirs, you're somehow in the wrong.  You're not. You live your life the way -you- want to. It's your life. And women can be fickle creatures sometimes - sometimes they can be interested in someone without ever giving a sign they are. The woman who would become my wife was interested in me all through HS, but I never knew. She never gave one sign. It wasn't until after high school that we began to date, that she told me she had this 'secret little crush' on me all those years.  There's hope. There always is, you just need to look. It may be a longer search than you'd like, but don't give up. You're worth it, and eventually you'll find someone who can see that - and that person has the potential to be your 'one'.  And I agree with MoonBathing - if peoples reactions to learning this about you does so much damage to you, stop telling people. You'll only be helping yourself. The DJ's comments weren't geared towards you specifically (at least, I sincerely hope not, because then that makes him a bigger douche-waffle than I thought), but was making a generalization. But still, forget that guy. He was in your life for a split second. I know that some people can inflict a lot of pain within that second, but it's only a second in the timeline of your life. There's more to be told in your story, all you have to do is keep going, one page at a time. Hope this helps, and take care.   Well, if you really do feel like this is your last option, I'm glad you chose to go through with it. It's a step in the right direction. First off, I want to say that, if you haven't seen a doctor, see one. Figure out what type of depression you may be experiencing, and ask the doctor what options are available. Go from there. As for the exercise regime - if that doesn't hold your interest, try something else. Or, give the exercise another chance. Maybe something will take this time. If not immediately, maybe with some time. But, again, if that doesn't work, explore other options. There's so many! And when you're feeling down, remember what your last option was today - and repeat. Come here, talk to us, lurk in other peoples posts and see what other people have to say - you might find situations you can relate to, and from there, people you might relate to. Give it a shot - it's always worth it. You're worth it - even if you don't feel it right now, you are.   So glad to hear you found something that helps! Keep up with it, especially since you sound so passionate about!    I'm sorry, but ditch the guy. He's toxic, and that's the last thing you need considering what you go through. He's an anchor that will always drag you down, instead of the life raft you need. Love, when confronted with circumstances that could end it, should rise to the occasion and overcome - not buckle under the pressure. And that's what he's doing - whether he can 'handle' it or not, he's still letting you down. He's still failing you. The first time I admitted to my wife that I was suffering from depression, she straight up told me that she didn't suffer from depression, so she didn't completely understand it - but that she was willing to learn. The first time I had a complete meltdown and told her I was thinking of 'downing 12 energy drinks and a bottle of sleeping pills to see which wins out first', she pulled me into her arms and gave me the support I needed to find my way out of the darkness. She became my light.  That's what you need - someone who can provide a light to help guide you out of the darkness when you find yourself spiraling further into the darkness.  	9
 HAHA that was genius   interesting   :) thank you kind person   read some of the comments i agree w most of them. to add to it, i think there is some level of biology to it too. males are deemed worthy mates by their ability to provide and protect their potential offspring. males see certain females as good mates because outer/ sexual appearance is reflective of fertility.    First off, I want to say thank you to all you guys. I've been lurking this subreddit for a while and started posting pretty recently. It's been so helpful to talk to kind and intelligent people, and it's helpful to hear that you guys went through a lot of the same things I'm going through now. Anyway, here it is.   Left my church. I was pretty involved with leadership and all that, so this is actually a pretty big change for me. My entire circle of friends is though this little bubble of christianity, so as i start work and move out of my parents house, this almost feels like a new identity.  but to be honest, it's been very hard to find new friends and i'm kind of going through depression again from feeling so alone. i know the right answer is to go join a gym, volunteer activities, online dating, but its just not that easy and i feel like if im actively TRYING to make friends, it isn't natural and i seem almost desperate to even have friends. but i guess honestly i am pretty desperate.   out of college and graduate school now so there isnt that option.    yeah i think fitness helps a lot. even if you have a plain face, as long as theres nothing glaringly wrong, your best bet is to just have an awesome body. it takes time to build a physique you can be confident in, but with maybe a year of dedication and good eating, id say one year is a very good investment for potentially helping the rest of your life    happy for you. did these become your lifelong friends after graduation too? what communities are you most involved in now   dude(tte) this is one of the best comments ive read. thank you. so interesting   wait. i must look. totally fell out of the loop/stopped following a while ago   Just had a first date and didn't want to come off as too horny, so I kept it light with just holding hands.    watched til the end. did not regret it   mindblown wtf   "SURPRISE BLOWJOB".... then she woke up and divorced me   i understand haha. your hormones are in overdrive right now. your parents are doing it out of love for you, they think its best. just be patient. once you move out you can have all the sex/ porn you want.    fights. nobody throws kicks in a life/death situation   knees. naturally pretty athletic and fast, but dislocated my knee so many times because of an extreme q angle. will never mentally recover or play sports to my full potential  	16
 ballet. It wasnt really the dancing that bothered me so much as being forced to wear a skirt. Even now I refuse to wear a skirt/dress unless its a special occasion, such as Halloween or funerals.       thanks. I think I might try that. it seems like a cool idea.    chemistry  	4
 Except for the fact that most rail lines (let's just go with in the US because you're probably from here anyway) are publicly owned ventures and in order to upgrade these systems they would need to raise fares, maybe taxes, incur construction delays, and all of the things that are really unpopular and cause more uproar than a derailment. Not to mention its cheaper to pay out a settlement than all the upgrades necessary.  But yeah, no its those damn unions.   EMOTIONAL masochist. Not physical.   Neither. Drinking and celebrating.   East Tennessee man, strippers bathe themselves in oxy, not glitter.      So was the History Channel like five years ahead of this?    I know. Only one person left until the secret belongs to me.   It would be like... An entire planet thats a computer.   You can, but you're gonna get zero.   I get it if you are a new player, but when the majority of these end up being something like "should I go for the luxury with 2 hills and a sheep or the luxury with 3 forests and slightly closer to my capitol?"  Make your own damn decision. Or settle both, I really, REALLY don't care.   Yeah man, 300 if you re use you old keyboard and case.    No.   Its in St Augustine Florida. Go forth and fall into tourist traps.   What's the map size and how many civs are playing?   Born here, learned to talk there, college here, work here, work there.   Yes, totally just British.   I think you, Leslie Neilson and I are the only ones who remember that disaster.   The point of the statement is that the stated scenario is bs in part because of how the 7 uses a line to increase its worth.    She's from Chicago (according to Wikipedia.)   Basically tally marks would have the same effect and be a more natural solution.   Well, at least I have no idea what the fuck they are talking about.   Probably a franchise anyway.   1, what population density is it OK to change the governmental structure, 2, there are different means to maintain a democracy while changing out who is the government. Its a different group of people with some different rules, not a dictatorship.  Yeah, it might not be a popular move, then again, it might.   They could give up governmental control. Maybe not just giving the land as title and ownership, but facilitation of the land they could.   Quantum Mechanics is how the universe is trolling us.   I'm guessing you missed the second and third matrix movies.   That was kind of the point. Jack Abramoff couldn't deliver, so a movie about him shouldn't either.   Its so cool.   I know exactly what I'm thinking of. I'm thinking of all the engineers in my family and the ones I've worked with over the years.   You've never met an engineer have you?   Oh yeah, summerreddit.   Engineer is far more likely.   Airplanes? AIRPLANES?! Have you heard of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_accidents_and_disasters_by_death_toll#Aviation?  /that's why   Found the engineer.   Yeah probably. Then again, maybe we should be with people who like us for us and not try to force a height thing.   I don't think you realize how big this continent is.   True Lies isn't that bad.   You see an Arab man on a motorcycle being chased through a luxury hotel by Shawrzengerblicher on a horse. What do you do?   Yes, but with stacks of paper and some people call it data entry.   It would be nice.   What if we took all the tall men who aren't getting laid and all the tall women who aren't getting laid and put them in the same place?    Capitals are generally the higher population cities. They get the bonuses from city-states first and if you are going tradition, it'll will receive extra growth.   Plus you've got a testy neighbor close to your second city.   It depends on the context. Like, if I'm pumping gas or on a smoke break, don't expect me to be super chatty. If I'm at the bar or something, sure I've probably drunk enough to be social.   Nah, pretty much on par with regular reddit.   Yeah, fuck corporate OP.   This makes me sad.   We got burnt out on him playing like 4 roles in the same movie.   The hands of fate certainly seem tied.   Do people who wear different clothes on different days also confuse you?   Like Black Jason Statham or Cancer Patient Matt Damon.   But last night, I saw Male Janeane Garofalo with ironic trucker hat accessory.    Yep.   So, censorship is an active attempt to stop you from expressing your views, which is different than refusing to provide the forum to express it. Especially when you consider that this site is the equivalent to private property, if you kick the shrubs and dig up the grass, they have the right to ask you to leave.   This new era of butthurt is really going to screw us up for a long time. I don't have a dog in many fights, I just watch and try to maintain a logical standpoint.   *But seriously, this is getting pretty regoddamndiculous.*   Gross.      Holy shit, scout better to start.    DUDE. FUCKING SPOILERS.   Not exactly what I think of when 'eating talls' is mentioned.    I have pockets.   Oh and its the freaking dollar store, no one gives a shit except for the autistic guy who does some stocking.   Different game styles.    And the panels you buy might even work for an entire summer!   I know.   Make sure it doesn't do anything else, eye injuries are bad news.   Florida originally, Tennessee now. I'm taller and bigger than most people, but I haven't felt afraid of people. And I have been in some stupid situations.   Damn son. Did you get it checked out?    I come across guys who are taller than me pretty regularly and I've never felt that fear. And I've met guys 5 inches and 200 pounds heavier than me.   Maybe I'm broken or something?   Yeah. There are some really retarded people in the drug trade.   Its mee-mee. So dank.    I just can't wait for the headline:   Nebraska man murders 11 in Death Penalty repeal protest, Receives life in prison.   Well, all they'd get is dick pics, but any half assed lawyer can get shit thrown out if no warrant is awarded.   So brave.   That's why you put a lock on the phone and refuse to give them the pass code without a warrant.   Says the white person. Check your privilege.   Oh wait, this isn't TiA.   Great asses aren't made by just fat, they have to have a solid foundation. The jiggly bit is the icing, and no one wants a cake made of just icing, its kinda gross.   That's a stretch.   Selling cigarettes doesn't give you lung cancer and he was cooking in an RV, not a van.   Yeah, but I want to smoke them.   What?   Nah, its cool. I look like a middle class white dude.   Sell one cigarette in the club, everybody fucking wants one.   ITT; people who have never worked in a bar.    Pretty sure the more creative the map is on info and representation, the more relaxed the standards.   Beautiful AF + close enough = Top of page.   :|   It's still a bunch of really ridiculous shit though.   Don't know til you try.   When you browse on mobile with an app, you click a YouTube link and it will sometimes ask if you want to watch it on chrome, browser, or you tube app.   Every Filipino guy has a crush =\= everyone who has a crush is a Filipino guy.   Well, when you believe that after death is eternal happiness in a freaking paradise, its not so much suffering.   The point of the 144k is that they would be like judges and princes in heaven.   No giant condominium in the sky. Jehovah's Witnesses, not South Florida Jews.   Well yeah, that's the sound it would make.   Cool. So hopefully no super glowing-Capuchin-overlord  experiments.   The shunning is really the biggest thing. They tend to be stuck in the 50's morality-wise, knee length skirts, supervised courtship, etc. So nothing like Scientology crazy.   By and large the just cutting off immediate family members entirely, like my mom did to my brother, her own son. Literally nothing more than 'Hello.'   They believe that all those who aren't chosen to go to heaven will inhabit a paradise like earth to live as Jehovah had intended for Adam and Eve to do.   Its like a really nice second place prize.   I really hope he doesn't become a stock broker.   Rolled with the punctures.*   If this person didn't make something of their life, I will be disappointed.    "Freckles" ... Oh honey...   Former bouncer, currently uniformed security for an office building.   So a 12 year old libertarian with a Masters of Fedora from redpill?   You can smoke without being a fucktard, and you can be a fucktard without smoking.   He probably would have stolen it and done something else with the money anyway.    Some people sleep heavy, or beer and a benedryl, sleep aides.    That's why we have things like involuntary manslaughter charges.   But the biggest point here is: did intentional actions directly lead to this person's death?    OK, fine. You want to be a smartass. I'm game.  Did you intent to cut the person? If you did that would be a felony. Did the resulting injuries cause the person's death? Well shit I guess it did.  If you intentionally injure someone and the end result is their death, YES SMARTASS, THAT'S FUCKING MURDER.   There is no 'its just a prank bro' if someone fucking dies. JESUS FUCKING CHRIST.   Yes, because the end result is a death.  That's what matters the most here.    At least it didn't smell like drop.   I'm just here for the popcorn.gif   This thread is amazing.   I got out before all that, so I don't know what dating was like. It also didn't cross my mind.   Holy shit, that must have been a nightmare.   Not even Finnish metal is this fucking hardcore.   I'm surprised you reddit. Myspace/Facebook were banned in my district for a long time.   You missed the point.   If the kid dies without taking the blood, he gets to heaven situation. If you give him the blood, he lives, but loses out on the life in heaven.   Heaven  earth (given that it exists.)    The funniest thing about all this is that I grew up JW and this was a very real situation for me. At any point in time I could have been in a car accident and I'd have been FUCKED.   We don't let children make medical or legal decisions, for good reason, they generally don't have the critical thinking skills to make the best choice. So parents make the decision. Yeah, its a shit decision, but legally speaking, they are the ones who have the final say.   I'm not a JW, and I have no intention to be, but if you want to be the one to take a shit all over the constitution, just try.  	107
   	1
 Thank you for the offer! I'm not able to send you my resume tonight but I would really appreciate feedback if I can shoot you a PM tomorrow!   I've really been considering this but I guess my fear is that I'm soon not going to be able to afford therapy without a paying job, but I could absolutely volunteer and have a part time job so it's something I will absolutely look into!  	2
 They only care in the US if you're suicidal, and even then you still have to pay the treatment costs. I have to pay 3,000 dollars out of pocket before my insurance will even look at my mental health treatment (diagnosed major depressive disorder). Sorry she won't take her meds, thats frusterating. that combined with therapy could really do wonders   Holy shit   hows your mental health care, expenses wise??   In the county jail i worked at in PA, you would write a request slip to the counselor/case manager in charge of workers. at that facility, you could do inside work even if you werent sentenced, but needed to be sentenced for outside work. Be nice to the counselor! dont write 2000 requests, be patient. if they didnt get back to you in a week, write another. good for you for wanting to work, itll definitely make your time go faster.   update: english hard    im not quite shirt how I feel about this    BUT I AM CLEANING UP SO WELLL   It can get pretty loud in the car when this comes on    Real shudder    PRIME   Less stimulation. I do this lots    Dave Matthews Band. I dont know why but the sound of his voice makes me cringe. Pair that with talking about ~sexy things~ and its intolerable      Any therapist/psychologist. Holy balls.   It's really hard to tell with this picture. With your hair styled and wearing nice clothes I can picture you to be attractive. None of your features make you ugly    hahaha starting off strong!   you as well!! thanks!   thanks! i definitely will    My former psychiatrist would always always tell me I needed to work out more, and it only triggered me to do the opposite. I've switched doctors (for reasons unrelated), we took me off meds, and this is my third day at the gym. I'm feeling great and wanted to introduce myself.   My goal is to lose the extra weight added on during the height of my Depression, and keep my mood regulated.   Here goes nothin'    (raises hand)  irritability's a bitch   I saw him in PA and I liked his solo set so much better than full band...(sorry roaring 20s). it was so intimate and fuck    i have no criticism but i just wanted to say i love the color pairs you chose    dude i love this   Sisterhood of the traveling pants where Carmen is yelling at her dad. Hits too close to home maybe    Scrapbooking. So many cute lil stickers I want...and paper...and paper cutters....and the pictures being printed...and the scrapbook itself    The Almost-Say this Sooner Say Anything- Peace Out    You little shit    This show is the reason I have faith in the world oh my fucking god    AMERICAN DREAMS.   im cis and wished i look like you ahahahah. way to go!  	30
 That's amazing!!! Me too! Hopefully 3 aug. 27th!    Me too, and I don't remember it being much fun.   I have practicing Buddhists in my family....I don't know how they do it. 1. Because I'm Brazil, everyone is catholic and probably gives them shit for it, and more importantly 2. My family is...Well, I'm pretty sure most assumptions would be somewhat accurate. I've tried to delve into that, but I'm basicaly emotionally constipated.   suicidal, but I know it's because I don't know how to feel. I starting using around 13 or 14...and before that had been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, an anxiety disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder. I started getting High to feel numb as repress everything, and I've basicaly conditioned my mind to do so when Im overwhelmed with whatever I'm feeling. I dont know how to just feel sad, because I also feel angry and resentful and depressed and suicidal and anxious and so on. I can't cry, it doesn't come out.    Thank you! It's just so hard when I'm drowning in depression and still trying to breathe while underwater. Constant fighting.   Thank you so much. I mean it, thank you. I might just take you up on talking, you seem to understand where I'm at. Also, I've tried meditating, but it's so dark in here. And loud.   I don't think the world is that dark, and I don't believe that it's such a horrible place, but my head in constantly telling my otherwise. It's like another person in my head, telling me ugly things. As for NA/AA, the 12 steps are for anyone, it's about a change in perspective. both programs have done so much for my life, it's just that I'm too depressed and anxious to be so involved right now, and it's affecting my recovery. I'm a dry alcoholic right now. I'm also sorry you're struggling. I wish this wasn't something you had to go through. Stay strong.   Thank you for this. I say it all the time, but I seriously think everyone needs to work in a restaurant at least ONCE to understand the type of shit we deal with.    Dude no worries! It's just what works for me! Some people find other ways, and that's totally acceptable. If anyone tells you otherwise, ignore them. There is no right way to make a positive change in your life, and everyone is different. again, congrats!    Congratulations!!!!!!  I'm also sober, it's been a while now, but 6 months is a huge stepping stone! Every day is an achievement. Keep it up! If you don't mind me asking, are you doing AA/NA?    And my axe!   And my axe!   WHY DOES THIS STORY NOT HAVE MORE UPVOTES   My SO has the same problem! Don't worrry about the money, that will work itself out. Being happy is the most important thing, you'll get there. You got this! I'm so happy to see this post, I sincerly wish you the best!    ....why even go there?   There are no words that will ease any of this pain now, but you are not alone. I am so sorry, please reach out. Don't white knuckle this the entire time. From experience, it gets easier. Feel what you need to feel.    I always think of that with some of these stories! Especially ones like these, that actually make me feel fucking terrified. (I'm under the covers)  	17
  When do you report?  When I'm running towards a rune Alt Clicking my empty Bottle but our support takes it before I get there.   /u/gayfarang_bot   Probably whichever hero has the closest lore ties to Arc Warden, considering Zet is most likely the next hero to get ported.    I’ll tell you what that was the equivalent of… of me putting a gun in my mouth and having to listen to that.”  Direct quote. So, anyone else trying to spin this into some kind of tumblr-esque "ESPN making fun of suicide" kind of deal? Could actually probably make something of it if we got enough people in on it. We're the internet after all.   Ohio (USA)  USE - 62  USW - 129  EUW - 171  EUE - 197   You get both.   I think unfair bots should be a challenge for experienced players. I was practicing Earth Spirit this morning against unfair and had zero problems dominating, on a hero I've played maybe 3 times.   Be insanely overpowered.   Earth Spirit isn't even hard.   Slark. I see him stomping my pubs every day but whenever I play a Slark game I massively suck. No idea why really, just can't seem to make any impact with him.   Playing a broken hero doesn't mean you're good. All of the troll pickers who spammed him for +1k MMR are going to drop like a rock after 6.84.   WASD camera move, 123456 spells (if you can't hit 5 or 6 easily, that's a personal problem), ZXCVFR items, Q attack move, E stop command, SPACE hero select, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK scroll through control groups.  Works fine for me for every hero that I play. Micro heroes are not my style at all, so I tend to avoid them. Micro'ing is still a challenge, but I've played Chen and Meepo with a bit of success in the 3k bracket when I've randomed them.  I also do use Edge Pan a bit.   So denying towers are great because it denies the enemy some gold. But should you deny T2 towers? Obviously nobody cares about T1 towers because your glyph will reset and they don't matter that much, but a T2 tower I feel is way more important to leave standing even if it only has 100 health. If that T2 is up, the enemy can't take your racks in that lane if they've pushed through in another. Yeah even if it's only 100 health it isn't hard to go take it, but that's still an amount of time spent that brings your team closer to respawning or getting into a position to defend, etc.  And definitely not T3 towers, yeah? Thoughts?   You never really *want* to build a BKB on Storm.    Zeus doesn't really beat Sniper in lane, and does nothing once Sniper gets BKB.  If you're able to coordinate a couple ganks on Sniper, snowball ahead of him and get a fast Blink, you can hunt around the map nuking him down whenever you see him solo, but otherwise Zeus is hardly a counter.    the damage is negligible.  12 damage per second, for ten seconds, with three charges, assuming you're in each shrapnel the entire duration.  That's 360 damage. Hardly negligible at level 1.    borderline OP  Actually I think he's pretty balanced. He has great early game magic nukes, but once you get BKB he doesn't do any damage to you at all. After carries have BKB his biggest use is free dewarding and vision ultimates.   The only ones shorter than 20 I've played were due to an abandon. I've had a decent number of games between 20-25 minutes, all with Troll Warlord. 6.83 in a nutshell.   They have your same skill level with a tenth of the amount of time played. I'd rather be matched with them than you.    The idea that "bad players are holding me back" is just an excuse people use to make themselves feel better.  The idea that it's easy to solo win every game at your skill level is false. Can a 6k solo win 2k games? Yeah, no shit. You're a top 1% player going up against average ones. It SHOULD be easy in that case. But can a 3.5k solo win every game in a 2-3k bracket? No, they can't.    The top heroes this patch have remarkably lower skill caps than top heroes of previous patches.    they can hear everything the casters are saying  Pretty sure anything the casters say, the players have already thought of.   Quick note to anybody reading, Magic Stick/Wand will gain a charge if a neutral creep inside the range uses an ability.  The more you know.   WASD camera move, 123456 spells, ZXCVFR items, Q attack command, E stop command, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK scroll through control groups, SPACE select hero. I do use Edge Pan in addition to WASD.  I can't play Meepo and Chen amazingly because I don't have set keybindings for control groups, but I've played them in 3k and actually didn't fare too badly.    Weaver The Swarm movespeed increased from 600 to 800.  I'd rather see his Str gain increased from 1.5 to 2.2   A lot of your item builds are retarded, also you abandon a ridiculous number of games. Fix those, play carry, secure 5 cs/min throughout the game, don't feed, and you'll go up by a thousand.   That's what Ranked SHOULD be. Ranked should be for tryhards, unranked for casuals. That's the point of the separation.    Tiny against Troll is only good until Troll gets BKB. Once Troll gets BKB, Tiny melts.   Troll already has mana problems early game unless he builds Aquila or runs a Bottle. It needs to be a very small mana cost. I like the idea, but weakening an already weak part of the hero isn't the answer. You need to nerf the strong points a bit to bring balance.  The 60% Blind chance on melee axes needs to be reduced, I'd say to 40% would be fine, as well as remove flying vision of ranged axes. That really should be enough.    Your friend is shit.    Add a small-ish mana cost to switch between ranged and melee forms  That would destroy the hero, unless it was like 5 mana.   The front page will be filled with "Fuck this I'm not playing Dota 2 any more" threads.   Yeah the 1.6k net worth lead that the Radiant had at their highest point caused SO much of a swing.  Idiot.   Beastmaster shits on Troll. Roar through BKB and I believe the Boar's effects go through BKB.   The problem with Troll in pubs is that it takes a lot of coordination to shut him down. You can't man fight him like other carries, you have to spend a lot of resources between multiple heroes to shut him down early and also kite him during teamfights.    melee heroes CANNOT lane against storm,  There are a ton of heroes melee heroes can't lane against, that doesn't really mean it needs a nerf. Ever tried melee against SF? Or Sniper? Or hell, even a SK?   Usually I only leave 1 in spin the whole game to use strictly for magic immunity, and max crit and stats taking a point in ult whenever possible, taking healing ward if we're looking to push towers or team fight, so I don't really have that problem. But I do play a very little amount of juggernaut so I'm not anyone to take advice from.    but that's not a pick-up PA often gets.  70% winrate on PA in pubs. I never build BF.  Literally embarrassing to see other PA's build Bf and ultimately fail at carrying the game.  edit: To anyone reading, the way I've found to best build PA is PMS(if needed)AquilaTreadsHotDBasherBKBAbyssal/MKB(whichever you need first). By that time the game should be over if you do it right. You should easily be able to get Basher sub 20 minutes, and your level 11, which means you are outputting massive amounts of damage. Treads/Basher gives you a nice little bit of health too which never hurts, and nobody has MKB yet so your evasion will be a great saving grace. Then you get BKB, take Rosh, and essentially end the game.   Their lina has more last hits than him. That's pretty bad.   Ursa jungle is picked fairly often in my pubs. If I start the game with 2 sentries, which camps would be the best to block?   Saw Era doing it in a game, and occasionally in my pubs. What is the advantage of Treads over Phase?   Just a tip, they're called Heroes in Dota 2.    WASD camera, Q attack move, E stop command, 123456 spells, ZXCVFR items, SPACE select hero, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK scroll through units.  Works for me. I still use Edge Pan in addition to WASD though.   I got the Mythical Warlock set the other day. I hate playing Warlock. And it's not tradable.    Pretty sure that only applies to people above 4.8k, where the teams can range from MMRs of 4.5-7k.    2.3k mmr   Captain's Mode  There's your problem. Don't play CM in anything less than 3.5k. It took me forever to learn that when I was in that bracket, even if I did pick Captain every game. People in 2k can't play every hero. You need to be able to play every hero to be able to be useful in CM. People will go in and say "Pick me x" even if x doesn't fit in your lineup at all, and they refuse to change because they have a very small hero pool. So you're either left with a team that has zero synergy and stupid lanes, or a team of heroes that work great together but nobody can adequately play.   Your captain was terrible though. Going into CM and not banning Troll when the enemy team had first pick? And also letting Magnus through to the very end? First two bans Silencer and Medusa? And picking offlane Ursa? Yeah, he's trash.    Okay so Storm is one of the heroes I love to play, and in team fights can play very well, but can never seem to control a game with. I see his potential in the hands of people who can play him to the highest level and try to replicate it, but I always seem to fall short.   I know the builds and how to play him and everything, but what I struggle with most is hitting item timings. How long should I solo farm mid before I go around trying to set up kills? I usually go Bottle  SR  Treads  Orchid  Bloodstone, and don't think I should really be ganking until Orchid, right? If I get a Haste rune or DD or something obviously I can take advantage of that, but if I don't start ganking at minute 8 my team rages and loses morale (3k MMR). Do I just ignore my team and flash farm the Orchid and go around getting kills after that? I feel like my mistake is trying to gank too early, dying, and then delaying Orchid, but I can never get my team to understand that.  wat do   Sven needs MoM/BKB/Blink before he's really useful in any way unless your team has great initiation, in which case you can forgo Blink. SnY after MoM would just delay the BKB too much.    I feel like their skill is alot better than mine.  Well yeah. They play(ed) this game professionally for money and huge prize pools. They're literally the best of the best.   How do you think?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIjZImAyoKs   430, xboct, zai, alohadance, puppey  Pretty much my 5 favorite players to watch at the moment.   Flawless logic.   IT's not wrong necessarily but it's not the most efficient build. Your passive gives your way more damage than the extra second or two of the pull would. If you're going to be strictly ganking, then the pull helps, but you need passive and remnant for farming to get your Orchid/Bloodstone faster to have more impact in the mid game.   Definitely Puck with Blink and Euls. Lol just try to kill me.   http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220   This is wrong. You always max the passive first.   I use the [Logitch M510](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41%2BcyeIQuSL.jpg). It's wireless too. Works fine for me.   Compared to Troll, Jug, Sniper which are in almost every game, he takes way too long to come online and doesn't beat them late game. I CAN play him, but it's much harder to actually win a game because of the current meta.   That would be insanely overpowered. The movement speed increase on top of her E means the need for Phase/Euls is gone. This would mean Aghs/BKB rush, making her completely immune channeling Exorcism in the midst of a team fight plus her AoE silence. No thanks.   I'd rather have the choice to mute them myself than have them automatically be muted. I don't give a shit if they flame, it doesn't bother me. What I care about is any tidbit of information they might share that could beneficial that I can't see because they're muted.      could also be considered a buff in some situations.  Which is fine. Vision scouting assassinates? It has a very low cooldown. It's a change that has both positive and negative outcomes, which is, from what I've gathered, what Icefrog prefers to do rather than just a straight up nerf.    valve is basically doing us a favor by muting them.  I'd rather the player just be sent to low priority than being muted in a Ranked game I'm trying to coordinate with my team to win.   But the current system also punishes the other 4 members of their team, which is completely unfair. Instead of muting, just send them to low priority. Muting is stupid.    "This will just lead to people threatening to feed if they arent unmuted by their team"  If they're starting off muted, how would they threaten anyone? You'd have to unmute them just to see what they're saying.   I'd love to be able to manually unmute someone. I don't care about stupid flaming. If random people on a video game are making you upset then that's a personal problem. If I can tell none of their communication is going to be helpful, I'll re-mute them. The current system screws over the other members of their team moreso than the person that's even muted.   Make Assassinate a skillshot similar to Powershot. His skill cap will rise without changing any other skills, and it would actually fit the style of the hero more than Q Q Q R LOL KILL.   Make Assassinate a skillshot like Powershot. Then Sniper will be balanced, and actually far more interesting to play/watch.    this patch has the greatest variety I've seen so far and I love it.  Did you see the thread the other day where the guy replied to your dotabuff with statistics for % of meta heroes picked per game? For me personally, there were 90 out of 108 games that included Sniper, Axe, Jug or Troll. Add Lina to that and you'll probably hit 108/108. This patch isn't diverse at all. There are a large number of heroes that simply completely suck right now if the other team has 1 or 2 of the "Big 5". Weaver is my favorite hero. I can't play him if I want to win because he's essentially useless, and that's a big problem. That applies to a large number of heroes in the pool.   You had 4 heroes that are easy food for a Troll and your Spectre didn't outfarm him.   If the enemy 5th picks Storm and you don't have lockdown, yeah you're in for a horrible time.  If you have two separate silences and two stuns, the Storm is in for a horrible time.     Especially not one of Viper honestly. That hero is probably the most boring to play, and I'd imagine also the most boring to watch.  Get me a good Puck game and I'll totally watch it.   I support anything that comes from Curse. Got me so right on my WoW mods over the years.   I don't understand why they don't just switch to something other than Skype. If Skype is the issue, why are people still using it?   You're only smurfing for the first few games, and that's only if you clicked "I've never played Dota 2" or whatever the option is. If I remember correctly, checking the inverse option puts you immediately at 3k hidden MMR. It takes over a hundred games to get to 13 to even be able to play ranked.     First of all 3,2k is the MMR average  It definitely isn't. 3.2k is the cutoff for "High Skill" on dotabuff. It's illogical to consider the average player "High Skill". Average MMR for the almost 11 million unique players of this game falls somewhere in between 1.5k and 2.5k MMR. We're on an online forum dedicated solely to the game that encompasses less than 2% of the community. 3.2k is most likely the average REDDIT mmr, but not the community as a whole.     Love this guy's personality  He's a typical teenager on an online game. Nothing is unique about his personality.   Same principle as why you turn off your basi/aquila ring in the laning stage. It buffs the creeps, which you don't necessarily want until you want to push the tower.    pretty sick of 4kmmr and troll jugg axe all day  So you'd rather play 2kmmr troll jugg axe all day?  That's stupid.   To everyone reading: the WORST time to gank a side lane is when they're already losing it. The WORST thing you can do is harm yourself and your progression by potentially feeding yourself and more kills to a side lane. Fuck your side lanes. It's not your job or your problem. Only gank if YOU see the opportunity.   I've been told I'm being reported in almost every game.  Haven't gotten low priority in months. Although I did get a 24 hour mute the other day.  If anyone's reading this, do you think the system takes into account how many successful reports you submit against reports submitted about you? To simplify that, I've reported a lot of players. Usually for flaming or trolling. A high percentage (I'd wager over 70%) of these reports I get a notification later that action was taken against the player. Does this mean if someone reports me, that I don't get looked at as harshly by the system? Maybe a "good samaritan" sort of thing? I kind of doubt it, but that would be kind of cool.    through a concerted team effort  This is the problem. At 1 or 2k, there is little coordination. At that MMR, it's suicide to rely on your teammates. It's far easier to do it all yourself.   The issue with picking a support is that you're a space creator. This means the space you're creating has to be taken advantage of. Someone in 1k will not be able to adequately do that. Even if the support sets up 5 different kills in the first 10 minutes, if the carry isn't using that space to efficiently farm for some actual items, then it could end up being useless because the carry is unskilled and could miss all of their cs and feed it away later.     Definitely mid. If a 5k mid picks something like SF, TA, Troll or Storm against a 2k mid, you're going to see a 40cs difference at 10 minutes plus a couple kills. The 2k mid won't have anything, rendering it completely useless, while the 5k mid will start the snowball that will make him invincible for the rest of the inevitably short game.  This happened the other night, a 5k smurf on my 3k team went mid with Earthshaker and ended up 30-1. His only death was because we were fountain diving after mega creeps.   I had the thought that it could give every member of the team Fervor as well. Wouldn't be a huge upgrade, but Troll doesn't need any more upgrades at the moment.   Lol? Every Aghs upgrade is a buff to the skill in some way.   If you're a halfway decent player, all you have to do is pick one of four heroes and you will win pubs.  That's the problem with Dota right now.   http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220  3k USE   Trolls the best. Unless they have 3 carries and your only carry is Troll, if you snowball, you're not going to lose.   I personally have two accounts, one is 1k MMR less than the other, and I haven't touched it in months. I recalibrated with another account and rose up.  If I logged onto that account, it would be smurfing.    That it's the mid's job to win the side lanes.    Zyori   Really good casting  I doubt it.   Elder Dragon Form.  Because who wouldn't want to be a fucking dragon?   Depends on what being a noob is considered. I don't consider myself a noob in the sense that I know what every hero/spell/role does and what I should do in specific situations.  However, I'm still a noob in being able to properly mechanically execute what needs to be done correctly every time.   A lot of people are saying last hitting, but specifically last hitting under tower.   Also pulling the safe lane correctly.    and you have you the moron who picked earth shaker and have no problem to buy both wards and courier at min 0  What   Early game you needed to not go solo. This does make farming more difficult, but also safer. You needed to prevent him solo ganking heroes across the map and snowballing, and the best way to do that is to have a buddy with you. An underfarmed Riki will not be able to kill two heroes.   And yes, you needed Dust. You'll not ALWAYS be with the Slardar, and nothing is worse than having an invis hero get away with 100 health because you didn't have detection.    i dont see the motivation of this.  The motivation is that the queue time will be drastically reduced because naturally more people want to play carry. And people who would do it don't care that they're lessening the experience for other players. They're selfish and think they're the best, and nothing will change that.   http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1408390254  This game went 58 minutes, 3k MMR. I was Radiant. Dire absolutely stomped the early game and built early shadow blades on ganking heroes, making farming essentially impossible as they constantly inhabited our side of the map and took our towers one by one. Around 25 minutes we'd lost all outer towers. We didn't leave the base for the next 25 minutes. We turtled. Turtled so hard that our Silencer got an abandon even though he was completely playing. It wasn't fun. It was boring as shit. But every time they pushed high ground we repelled them. And then they made the mistake of getting caught in Rosh without buybacks by a smoke gank and we pushed down mid and won the game.  It was stupid. We shouldn't have won at all. They're equally stupid for not building BKBs now that I actually look at it though. But still.   Somewhere between 3.2k and 3.5k I'd say.   QoP doesn't "counter" Tinker per se, QoP is just a natural lane dominator.  You shouldn't have had any problems against Disruptor.  Silencer counters everyone that relies on spell usage.   None of these heroes should have been able to catch you out while you're split pushing, and in team fights you shouldn't have been in a position to get caught by them in the first place.        The easiest way to win sub 3k is to gain a massive networth lead via farming on a strong carry in the first 25 minutes and avoid dying. Fuck fighting, fuck defending unless somehow they're pushing T3s. If the enemy is 5 manning your T1 bottom, solo split push the T1 top. T1s mean nothing in that bracket. When you're sufficiently farmed, let your teammates be your tanks, go in after big abilities are used and clean up the rest of the heroes because at that point they can't stop you. Follow that up by pushing down objectives and taking Roshan. Rinse and repeat until the games over.      1.5k isn't bad  No offense, but yeah it is. You're pretty below average.   C9 might have won a TI.   Jesus. Dota would actually become a horror game genre.   Had a game the other night where I was playing Drow and went to Silence a solo hero, only to have an Axe blink right in front of me the split second I did. Made my asshole clench and a loud expletive left my mouth as I dipped the fuck out of there, but holy shit that would be scary in first person.   I really hope Oracle gets added. Would make TI5 way more fun to watch.   You need to jump him with an instant stun so he doesn't have time to react, and chain stun afterwards. Puck is very squishy.   For me it's gotta be IG vs. VG. The individual skill of all of their players is amazing and it's never disappointing.   Pitlord    It's like saying chrono is better disable than dismember  Well, it is.   If you have more towers than the opposing team, you should have map control. This means that it's unsafe for the ENEMY to farm and contest Roshan.   Also, unless your team got completely dominated in the fight (something that probably wouldn't have changed if you were there), split pushing requires at least one enemy hero to TP back to defend. This means that any following objectives for the enemy are harder to get.   I'd rather see something implemented to where I can choose to not be matched with a player again. Over the past week I've gotten the same guy who randoms first pick and gets a carry, and proceeds to suck ass with it in at least 5 games.   Tiny is the hardest carry because he's made of rock.   The object of the game is to take towers, and eventually the ancient. If the enemy team wins 6 team fights and takes 0 towers, and you participate in 0 team fights but take 6 towers, your team has the advantage.   And, if the enemy team wins the team fight and takes a tower, it's better that you took a tower for the trade instead of potentially going to the fight, dying, and having no upside.   I'd pick Magnus against it and have a field day.   That it's not the largest issue at all and is definitely not gamebreaking.    This is the largest issue facing Dota right now   These are gamebreaking problems that until fixed, make Dota unplayable for at least this user.  Lol.      There is no way u can be making this post if ur higher than 3k.  There is no way u can be responding like this if ur higher than 3k.   Technically it isn't. The Dire team has a +300 MMR advantage when you average them out.  	117
 I'm so lucky I live near here, Glendalough is one of the most beautiful places in Ireland   How did you get through all the Dragur crypts, all the foes on the way to the Throat of the World without killing once? massive gamer respect   Still going over my head right now   I hate tumblr users like that   A redneck virgin      So rare here in my bit of Europe. Even my dealers' dealers don't have it   Hey, what are you feeling right now?   That bike ride sounds great man   Yeah, I want to let it open up my mind to help me write more music   Sativa is impossible to find here, even my dealers' dealers don't have it   Yeah, they're not experiencing the full world of the plant. Theyre happy enough just to be able to say they "smoke weed" "420" "blazin' it" to their friends, than explore the plant   Yeah it just makes you lazy, It's like that tipsy sobering-up buzz you get at the end of a night of drinking, where youre just chilled out and relaxed   Yeah, I want the sativa high to help open my mind for music writing   is that sativa or indica? or a hybrid?   Any day   Agh I'm jealous. I want some to help me with writing music   I've been doing indica for a while now and even my dealer can't source sativa. The way it works where I'm from is everything is just called 'weed' and your dealer just gives you whatever he has on him. Not asking for buying advice (rules) just wondering what sativa is like to get your hands on with other Ents  EDIT: Misspelled the title, even at a [3]   "Everybody goes to Rick's"      I thoroughly enjoyed this post OP   Fus Ro Dah   Is it healthy to do that?   How can you even make that mistake with qwerty keyboards   /r/almostperfectloops   Upvoted for Robert Frost reference on a post about jacking off      This is like christmas morning   Every Filthy Frank fan just said 'b0ss' in their head   At least yous have really good street arts, Here in Wicklow all there is is stuff like 'Jaymo' smeared in an almost chinese font   Cunningham here, My mother's nickname in primary school was 'Sly Bacon'   Wow really? I guess I need to be more careful. Thanks for the reply   The phrase *YES. THIS IS HAPPENING* on the side of the pack summed up my reaction    Hey WATMM. After a while of roughly recording my acoustic songs and what not i have decided i want to make multiple track demos. Do you guys know/use any *free* software that i can put my vocal track over my guitar track, over my bass track and over my percussion track and so on. Thanks guys.   First of all, why are the police doing this? What are they looking for? And second of all, what the fuck can police actually do that to your house?   I'm an adult and its still a nightmare for me   OP you rock!   To the Bone Zone      Hi all, My partner pooch is a 2 year old Bichon/Shih Tzu cross. She has learned to sit, lie down, and paw. I am having trouble teaching her to fetch as her idea of the game is "Im gonna get the ball and bring it back to you, And then you fight me for it and we play again" Any tips for changing her mentality to giving the ball peacefully?   FTFY *champion*    A girl I was into asked me for mine a while ago and I let my guard down and told her. That was before I remembered my image posts on /r/poop. Strangely we didn't talk much after that   When the reply gets more upvotes than the original comment, Congratulations   /r/ImGoingToHellForThis   Good pic but was it really necessary to photoshop that random kid in?   Anal Cunt are actually a band! Their lead singer fell into a coma, awoke, wrote a song about being in a coma, slipped back into a coma, and died. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anal_Cunt   Grrr yes! Hostel Part 1 and 3, still haven't seen 2 to this day   I love this piece and it makes me want to learn more about this story.   *heavy breathing*   I don't smoke but I always carry a lighter. Seeing as most of my friends smoke, Other people in the smoking area (In Europe, smoking restricted to designated area) often ask for a lighter. They thank me, return it and usually show a liking to me and often start a conversation.    It was only a boop   Were you wearing a dust mask? If that's your hands imagine what the inside of your lungs must look like   I metaphorically died laughing   It's like a kid lining up all his toys, Happy National Aviation Day   Self harm   Who is she?    I've always wondered, Is that all on-the-spot improv? Or are the comedians told the topics a few nights before to prepare their lines.   Being eaten by a gator?   *you'ar   10/10 did not expect would upvote again   Thank you for making me laugh hard at sludge and metal OP   Lost my shit at "nignog"   Even though most tarantulas are not venomous, Whats your favourite species?            I will always 'mire Arnold.    Waited for them to go off edge  disappoint  feelsbadman.jpg   did anyone else think that was a boy in the first frame?   Is the protein from Argos worth getting? Never used or bought protein before      Hi geordies, I am planning on starting up a BPL fantasy football league for the sub. If there is one here already I'll happily join, if not I'll create one tonight and let you all know the code   How many reps?   Im starting college next month and Im hoping to bulk up and continue working out through college.  The past 3 days ive used this plan: 20kg benchpress x 10 reps x 3 sets Sit ups x 15 reps x 4 sets Bicep curls 8kg x 10 reps x 3 sets Butterfly leg lifts 2kg x 5 reps x 3 sets I also run 4 miles twice a week.    I would like to up the intensity of my workout and depending on whether I stick with the plan, I'll get on protein. Can someone help organise a schedule with me?   Fuck Comcast   all these memories are flying back to me   It's like a car crash; It's so horrible, but I can't look away   If you're going to hit me, Let me know so I can raise my deFENCE   Honestly how many times have you tried to rotate it   Why not? Presuming youre from Galway   That would annoy me to no end   Live action Lego Movie   What are you struggling with the most on your course?   "No doc, I'm 100% sure it's cancer, Don't you even use google?"   In my opinion, which take into account is just a stranger on the internet, I really think this woman needs professional help. Although it is entirely her choice   Therapy sessions and a 7.5ml daily dose of Prozac. Mixed with exercise and lots of time out of the house enjoying the world. It's helping me a lot   Depression in a relationship is hard. I've been there, and my SO found it extremely difficult and began to blame herself and wonder was it something she was doing that was making me feel constantly dark. She lost her patience with me and cheated. It was awful. If your SO loves you they will be patient with you and help you find all the care and help, be it through therapy or medication, you need to return a succesful relationship, both a sexually and mentally healthy relationship   The fact you posted this for help, and also resisted your temptation shows you're more than able to recover. Try taking a deep breath, calming yourself, and pin your hands down your pockets and keep them there. Alternatively, perhaps seeing a therapist once off, or an anger management tutor. Maybe it's a past experience that makes you want to throw a punch?   I...skimmed it   It looks like a wooden tin whistle. More than likely in the key of D   Back in my day ADHD was called being a brat!   Yes. There is a big difference between having actual OCD, and just being annoyed   This Kids Not Alright - AWOLNATION   Have you met /u/doubledickdude?   Fantastic, The waves really show character here, Contrasting with the mellow sunset   Ask her could you do it for her?   *Lowers sunglasses* my god   If I fits...   Yes. Jumping off is optional.   But you could get an emo lawn, It would cut itself   "Just let me blast my camera flash into then real quick"   Just the way Boeing designs their aircraft   I thought it was dead  	103
 I will be done with any sanctions by the time legalization becomes a thing in Indiana, unless they clear retroactive charges.    Well, I should be able to plea out to where it is fines or community service.    Well yeah, the fines and bond repayment are going to fuck me up    Considering my court date is in a week and a half, that's not gonna happen    Well, I might have to stay in state with probation, but once that is done, and my degree is finished up, you best believe I'm moving to some other state.    Keeping it short since the case is under review.   Main details: officer found my pipe and less than 3 grams in a not quite Bible Belt but still conservative state  (Indiana).     I was charged with misdemeanor possession of Marijuana and paraphernalia. I'm now on at least a 5 year hiatus, pending I move to a legal state.   So my headlight went out, and I did not know it until I was pulled over. I had a roach sitting just to the right of my registration papers, which the officer saw. He then cuffed me and put me in his cruiser. He searched the vehicle (using the roach as probable cause) and found my script and less than 3 grams of Marijuana. I spent the night in jail, learned a lot about life, and almost made it through Pride and Prejudice (the book).   So I have court next Thursday, and am meeting with a lawyer to get the misdemeanors talked down to something else...I have one for the weed; and one for my pipe. This is officially the beginning of a very extended break from marijuana (at least 5 years) and other drugs (whenever I'm financially stable again)  Edit: I'd like to add in that the officer never read me my Miranda rights, nor did anyone else who booked me acknowledge that those rights exist.   Edit 2: Thank you everyone for your support, stories, and insight. I feel a little bit more optimistic about upcoming events.  Edit 3: I met with my lawyer today. We are likely going through pre trial diversion which involves me either going to NA meetings and the sort, or submitting to random drug tests.   It might not. But I could feel myself zoning out and forgetting shit   Update: I'm trying to think of where I left my weed...go me. I forgot I made this post.   I've smoked like 2 bowls, and took 1 mg Xanax  (prescribed 0.25). I feel a blackout coming. Like I'm zoning hard as fuck.   Also fuck, if I get this call, I'm picking up some boy. Fuck. I can't combine these two since it is a deadly combo. I might have to wait to pick up my boy   This is so gay    Hellsing Ultimate Abridged. No one in my life that isn't on Reddit doesn't understand this.   Okay, so I'm at a [3] but I've had these thoughts everywhere from a [0] to a [11].  So I can smoke bowl on bowl of kush when I'm at a party or around people. When I'm by myself, I can hardly even finish one bowl. What gives?  Also, if I spend my time smoking kush you would think my tolerance would build up quite a bit. But, I can be high off one bowl of mid weed, be it when I'm with people or by myself...and I mean like a [7] or better. Again, what gives?   Millions, likely a couple billion, adults around the world consume a drug in some form, be it from a prescription, DNM, dealer, or other method.   And yet, people go to jail for exercising their right to put a substance into their body. As long as they aren't a threat to themselves (think suicide) or the lives and property of others, people should be allowed to be as drugged (or sober) as they please.  Picture this: you're 18 years old, you have a couple MDMA pills and some bud (I'm talking less than a quarter) and an officer arrests you. If you're arrested somewhere more right leaning, they'll make an example of you, give you a felony, make you almost unemployable for life. Do they really expect you to be able to support yourself if they put a marker on your record that makes companies pass over you? No...this is how we create legacy criminals.   Disclaimer: I'm not trying to generalize, I've just seen it happen more than it should.   Would you really expect Kim Jong-Un to have a sense of humility?    Viagra was originally created as a heart medication, with a side effect of erections city   Really? That's pretty cool I didn't know that. One of my buddies from HS had a catnip tree in his backyard, his cat would get turnt and prowl the neighbourhood  Funniest fuckin comment I've read all day   For context, my grandma broke her hip and might have to be moved to a nursing home. She is currently cycling through the following drugs (in the hospital) fent, morphine, Percocet, some other pill without a specified name, and Dilaudid when it gets really bad    As she lays in her hospital bed, she slowly gets foggy, more confused by the minute. And yet, you can see the pain in her eyes, clear as daylight. The nurse sends another drip through the IV. Her eyes lower, the pain gradually subsides, but that fugue, that damn fugue.   She can't process what I'm saying, but she can hear my voice. It's the only reassurance she has. She says they have her so drunked up she can't think or see. I tell her to close her eyes, to try to relax, and catch what fleeting sleep she can. The surgery in the morning will drain her. She needs her strength to recover in the future, not to agonize in this moment.       She comes back, a couple hours later, confused, wanting to talk and relax, but the comfort is not there. The painkillers do their job, but they ravage her mind. And so, they slowly dull the one part of her that is still sharp. She can't hardly walk, or take care of herself anymore, but her mind is still sharp. It saddens me to see her like this.  I cannot understand her distaste for the pain killers. She hates them so much, but she knows it's the only thing keeping her from being awake all night writhing and screaming.  These are the same things I would enjoy recreationally. Yet, I do not share this information. I can only wiggle in my chair, or think of how good a nod would be...just to forget that this is happening, if even for a moment.   I weather through, and made it to today, sober, and no longer thinking of that urge.   Such disrespect for nature. It almost breaks my heart that people can't even pick shit up. Seriously, it's like I was taught growing up...if each person picks up one thing, then that would go a long way toward cleaning everything up.    Presumably MDMA   There wasn't a question at all...I just wanted to post that. But yeah, we sat around and played video games until we were both too high to do much, and bonded on it all. We shared things that we couldn't tell anyone else. We talked about everything from life to images to well...everything.   By images, I mean he used to look the stereotypical emo part (jet black hair swooped to one side, brooding attitude, blaring Hawthorne Heights, and being an angsty mess in general) but now he's switched over to the "clean cut" look...mainly for the same reasons I had been telling him for a few years...good women like it more and people give you fewer dirty looks.   I was also worried about being judged for everything...I told him about how I got hooked on Percocet, I've done the mainstream hard drugs (except for crack) I've taken benzos  (usually kpins or xans) I've done Stims, I've dropped L, I've tripped on shrooms, I've done X. And the best part was...no judgment, mainly because he was like "hey, you're an adult, you seem like you have your shit together" and then he told me a few stories of other people doing stuff, and then going overboard with it.    I'm hanging out with my best friend from high school tonight, and we just picked up an eighth. We started talking about things we've done since high school. He told me he only sticks to weed, has smoked spice, and barely drinks. I'm trying to tame back my half of the conversation, mainly because I don't want him knowing exactly what drugs I've done before...the list is not short. It's also because I'm geeking   Well, I smoke, and then go do productive things sometimes. I know that if I get to an [8] or higher, I will be generally unproductive, unless it involves a thought or well...not getting off my ass. Today, I stayed around a [5] for most of the day, and have been renovating (well, more or less, cleaning and organizing) a 2,000 square foot shed full of tools, antiques, and other collectibles. It gave me a good head space while cleaning, so it didn't feel like I was doing boring labor.   Also, this was after the belt on one lawnmower flew off and couldn't be put back on, and the safety wiring went out on the other.   Which is put into a larger container.   They must be having a hard time keeping people over in tools and lawn and garden then, and are possibly understaffed. That, or the economy has taken a turn for the better since then   This has probably been asked a million times, but I believe that God is a human construct, and we all be good in any God's eyes, depending on our subjective viewpoint of what is good and what is evil. For every protagonist, there is an antagonist, and these can both flip based on perception. So we should examine why humans had the need to create a God. I have two thoughts on this: there are things we haven't found explanations for, so we use God as a means of filling that knowledge void, and also as a means of reassurance behind our insecurities (prayer or other rituals)  [11]   The moment when your friend's last name is actually Wall   Of course. But it's good to be getting my stuff from someone who cares and wants the best for me.    That's a good question. Probably clocking in at work, setting up my coursework for the next semester, and then getting a new TV and Xbox One to prepare for Fallout 4   I had no plans of it. Like I might have said, I still have a couple lines worth saved back that I haven't touched since Saturday    Yeah my dealer also helps keep me responsible. Like, I can't buy anymore for the next month. And I do appreciate your response. The tone came off as someone who has been there and done that.    That's because they make full commission, whereas I opted into a lower commission rate overall, but I have a guaranteed hourly wage   Having my schedule looked at by 2 people who have done the same thing, and putting most of classes in just a couple days will free up extra time to study and work. Coffee and Adderall might become my best friends    I'm hoping full time keeps my mind and hands less idle, and it will make my schedule more consistent   I would have to check with that. I don't need the insurance just yet, but I'd be interested in looking at a 401k plan, and retirement    I don't throw sales pitches or put people through hoops. I ask if they have what they need, and how I can help. If I can, fantastic. If not, that's OK too. I don't call myself a salesman...I use the term consultant instead    http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/17c6vme6nqw4fjpg/original.jpg   I work as a sales consultant for Sears, part time, about 25 hours a week. Depending on my college schedule next semester, I'm going to be made a full time sales consultant, meaning more (and my preference) of hours, and more importantly, more money and commission. I am excited for this, and I may move up further in the company!   And then there's cosmetology   It's my dick in a box   That is a tree every 3 minutes. Holy fuck that's impressive!!   I don't hate the drug by any means...I hate my dependence on being in an altered state to function. It was hell on me for a bit because it was like standing in front of a speeding train and telling it to stop   Most of my reason for stopping was that the drugs I was doing weren't doing what they were originally doing, and I had a bit of a mental breakdown from stress and depression, so I figured I'd let my mind get back to baseline   With that title, you would think I'm talking about cocaine. I'm not. The drug I'm talking about is sobriety. Well, except for the endorphins produced during a runners high. Anyway, I had a break on Tuesday night when I decided that I needed to slow down and smell the roses, or whatever shitty cliché goes here. Anyway, I have been completely sober for the past 5 days, save for when I run. I honestly don't know how I feel...serendipitous, I guess. It's like I'm meeting me again, if you know what I mean. I'm discovering old things about myself. I'm going to keep up with the running, see if I can't enter a few events. I'm going to focus even more on getting my MBA. I'm not even going to buy anything when I get paid on Friday.  All in all, I'm interested in seeing where my mind goes, and I'll probably return to smoking in a couple weeks or a month, but I'm probably not going to go into anything more serious again for a while if ever.   That's the show I watch when I do it doggystyle   You are so courageous and brave for your actions   Oxytocin? Nah, she isn't going to fuck OP. You're thinking of Oxycodone.   It's blend is blah blah blah, with the main thing being a strong shot of caffeine anhydrous (300mg).   This sounds like an Indiana thing?   That sounds more metal than drug use   I had 70 MG at the time but I had been on a stim binge since about Thursday night or Friday morning   I forgot whether sex stories needed an NSFW label.   Oh okay. I haven't had any ice in a while now, but God, if I could ever find it, I'd rail a line faster than you can say "hey train_subject2252, wanna smoke a blunt"  ...mainly because I've had the urge to snort something, even though I usually parachute it, and I've only smoked it twice   I've never done H, so I wouldn't know.    Out of curiosity, what did you mean by saying I'm not an RC stim type?   Dude you're fine. I enjoy learning new slang for different parts of the US/rest of the world. When I moved after High School, I had to relearn measurement units for everything.   Example: An 8 Ball where I grew up was 8 grams...hence the name. Where I live now, and 8 ball will be 3.5g, sometimes 3.7 if I find someone cool   My 3 Rares:  1) Opana  2) Oxycontin (prescribed once, been too broke to find a source since)  3) Desoxyn (never will find it again)  Edit: I missed the second part of the question.  My 3 Desires:  1) Heroin   2) Ayahuasca   3) PCP   Fucking plebe didn't even bother to put his hand over the smoke to finish up the hit    You're correct in your assumption...I don't do darknet markets or RC stims. I had Vyvanse in my system. Also what do you mean by the rest of your comment? Are you saying that one of us may develop feelings for the other?   I had a girl over this afternoon,  and we went into our usual routine of sex, cuddling, and whatever...except for the fact that I use substances and she really doesn't. The problem came about mid way through when I had to focus in so hard and close out all other thoughts just to maintain what erection I could possibly hold. Yep; I met the evil of stim dick face to face. Everything felt more passionate, and she started digging her nails into my back, but I could not get off to save my life. I love the rough ways. I love the intimacy. I'm going to fuck her again for sure.   I picked up a lighter from a rack on display at the gas station this morning, as mine was out of fluid. I looked at the display, and saw that the lighters were adorned with designs revolving around the Zodiac Sign. Even though the lighter does its job, I can't shake the vibe of using the lighter that isn't in my sign. If anyone's curious, the lighter is decorated for Aquarius, and I am a Scorpio   So I bought a zip because I got a big check, and had it planned out where I would share with my friends and myself, and make it last until I got paid again. Well, I get paid again in a week and a half, but I already smoked almost 3/4 of what I bought on Friday. I actually didn't share too much of it...I had some better bud saved for those occassions.  This was my first weekend of smoking almost an ounce in a long ass time, so I'm probably going to take a T break so I can reset and/or not bankrupt myself lol   Floating dust particles. Sorry, science isn't my strong area    Riddle me thus then, my fellow ent: How can someone be on the surface of the Moon without wearing full protection or suffering from frostbite? Or, alternatively, how the hell do you keep your windows so clean?   What effect(s), if any,  would taking a fat burner have on me this fine day? I took some Vyvanse about 3 hours ago, and I was wondering if it would mess up my appetite?  Edit: Is there a reference happening because I've seen the same comment 4 tines from 4 different users   /u/shittywatercolour  /u/thisstorywillsuck    I grew up in a heavily right wing, uninformed and closed minded family. Things I've heard: 1) Drinking makes your toes turn black.    2) Acid makes you retarded.    3) Weed is highly addictive, makes you stupid, and you're a burnout if you do it.     It's almost as if they want to maintain their "perfect" family image, and will cut people off for deviating even a little.    Yeah it was real stuff. We were the only family members we could open up to about substance abuse issues and other somewhat taboo topics, and I was the only family member who was willing to pick him up from rehab (he got hooked on meth toward the end of his senior year of HS)    The last 2 days have been hard on me. It's been 1 year since my cousin committed suicide and all my emotions resurfaced. We were each other's closest family members; what with his mom ODing, his Dad ignoring him completely, his brother in and out of jail, most of the family not caring. He stayed with his grandpa who he never felt he could really talk to about things. I talked to him an hour before he passed, and everything seemed fine. He just got promoted to foreman at a construction place in Kansas City, he met a new girl, and said he was recently Baptized.   I found out a few hours after that call while I was work. I had to leave because I broke down on the spot...there was no chance of keeping it together.   I met more of his friends from high school and life (we grew up about 4 hours apart, and didn't see each other often) and I could see how much he was loved, how much he will be missed.   I saw some of the photos on Facebook that people were tagging him in yesterday, reminiscing over his influence in their lives.  He wasn't even 21 at the time...so much youth, so much life, taken away from us.   Thank you all for reading this and being here.   All of them growing up. Thought the PSAs were true...DARE and the government weren't allowed to misinform people.    There was a study published a couple months ago (don't remember the source but found it on /r/trees) that showed that smoking before 17 could lead to possible cognitive issues (more research is needed) but smoking at 17 shouldn't cause too many issues.    I just found an awesome solution to my grinding and jaw clenching in my room: my retainer. Even if I were to clench, it doesn't cause as much discomfort or irritation. Also, it helps keep my teeth from looking too fucked up again, which, in addition to genetically dark eye circles and such, makes people think I'm a tweaker before they get to know me.   On the day I turned 18, I went to hang out with my best friend at the time and his family. His parents pulled out about half an ounce and gave it to us for my birthday. I wound up smoking with them that day, and the outpour of thoughts and life advice were so sincere.   His parents were complete opposites on almost everything except for green: they both smoked. He was the clean cut military type, and she looked like the hippie stereotype. He told me about his time in the military (he was in just after the Vietnam War) and the insight into how they make it through everything in life, from raising a family to finding one's Zen, helped me grow a bit as a person,  and what they said that day makes even more sense now   So, I officially hit my 6 year mark of smoking weed a couple weeks back. I started reflecting a bit and I realized the more I smoke, the more I gravitate toward an older crowd (I'm almost 22, so I'm still in the young smoker group) I'd rather smoke with older people who I can sit around, talk to, blaze with, and learn about life. There's no bravado, no bragging about being "turnt" or "fucked up" just a collective understanding that we've all been high before, we've all partied before, but we prefer to keep things a bit more chill and lowkey.   I've mellowed out to the point where the things I used to worry about seem so insignificant now.   "Accidentally"   You made yourself sound Batman as fuck   70mg is the max recommended dose at any one time from what I could find. I don't know enough on stimulants to tell you what that would equal in dexedrine   I was coming off of my binge last night at work when I decided to smoke on my lunch break. I put in eyedrops and everything, and I wasn't noticed. It wasn't until after work that my manager asked if I smoked, and by instinct, I said smoke what.? So; he knows I smoke, and I haven't found a decent time to ask him if he does.   Sorry for the unrelated story. To answer your question, I use weed to cope with my comedowns. It regulates out my appetite, so I actually remember to eat. Good food puts me in a great mood.    Yeah I figured I'd wait and see how I feel around 7 or so. If I feel kinda ok; I'll just power through on caffeine and health food   Matilda   Alright thanks for the advice. I'm just gonna take it like the other one, go kill it at work, and see what Saturday has in store to follow up tonight   When I'm out, I usually have a straw to chew on with whatever drink I'm having (usually water if I roll)   If I stay in, then I will just put in my retainer and clinch away, because it isn't fucking up my teeth anymore   That's gonna suck tomorrow...sweating through an undershirt into my dress shirt possibly while I'm trying to explain to someone in my super fast but slow to me English why they should buy the $3000 mower from me instead of anywhere else, even if they don't offer the same brand. Or I'll have to be on phone calls all day....fuck that. I'll take some now and see if pouring out part of the capsule and snorting it will help...like. not a whole cap before work...and I have eyedrops  just in case my eyes look too messed up lol   This is a return to stimulants for me. I took some time off to show myself that I could still complete tasks perfectly sober (except for being baked)   Anyway I took a 70mg Vyvanse a few hours ago and I'm still Goin pretty good on it. Should I take another, so I can get my shit together before work at 0800? It's an 800-1800 shift.  Yes, I'm using military time. No, I'm not in the military, I just use their time system...family is in the medical field so it feels standard sometimes.   I went out with my brother to chill, you know, relax from the work day. We packed several bowls and I had me a mixed drink. Well, he runs me to his dealers house and he picks up some more bud on top of what I already have, as well as about 12 Vyvanse. Anyway, my brother and I take one 70mg capsule each (he breaks the capsule but I don't). We then go to a house party where everyone is either crossfaded or tripping on acid. It was a fun ass night thus far. We went to a titty bar and enjoyed the show as well as free drinks. But yeah, I'm back at my friends house now, where the tripping roommates are playing NBA 2k15 and the high/speeding people are playing Call of Duty: Black Ops 2.   I'll probably take another capsule to power through work. Might look up if I can snort it so I can knock that craving of snorting a line of anything out of my way.   ...derp. Sorry I got on a stim thought track and let it run   That is roughly $115,000 a year. What the fuck?    I'm just a guy behind a username with no likely significance to your life. You have no reason to take me up on this, but if you need someone to talk to, my inbox is always open.    So they're banning legal highs but letting alcohol still be legal? Seems like a loophole to me    I've had enough associates over the years who have told me they don't make their margin off the herb. They make it off the people who will pay for the pills, coke, heroin, and other not weed things. Don't take my Statement as an absolute though....your experience may vary    I had a terrible craving last night for something to stay up and do productive shit on. Well, no one helped me out until after work today. So about an hour ago, I snorted some Dexedrine and bought about 15 70mg Vyvanse. I didn't think I was feeling it until I got my perpetual stim jaw clench (yes I have magnesium on deck) and I'm about to go take my weekend by storm. Yes, I have to work tomorrow, but I can push through another 8 hour day, and get a good deep sleep after work. My mind is racing but my thoughts are so focused. It's like everything is finally running on 1 wavelength for the first time in a good while.   I work in consultative sales (technically retail) and in my experience, we stay over as the situation calls for. I've stayed over a couple hours to cover when other people called out. I've stayed an hour over just to make sure a customer got exactly what they came in for. The point is, the people who complain about having to deal with someone 5 minutes before close are the people who either need some time off to relax, or need to find a different field of employment. Yes, it's inconvenient, but my belief is that if you pass on good values and great service, the karma will come back around in other aspects of your life.   Both are harmful to their respective environment and adds pollution to both locations   Thank you automod      What good is eating chicken fingers (the good kind) if you aren't drunk and stoned?   I have a wonderful job, a life that I wouldn't dream of changing, and people in it who help me succeed. Anyway, I feel like I might be a polysubstance dependent person, not addicted to any one thing, but enjoying the deviation from sobriety. If I'm broke, I'm drunk off of cheap liquor and high on Reggie. If the money is good, I still drink the same liquor (I love the taste) but smoke kush. I'm always looking for the next thing I can try,  but if I can find Xanax, Crack (on occasion) or another drug I can be at parties on, I want to do it/try it if I haven't already. I just wanted to open up a bit about me to people who won't condemn me for living the life I live, or won't talk to me because I do certain things, or have access to them. I'm drunk as fuck, but thank anyone for reading this useless tirade   I feel you on this. I'll be at a party, playing a song, and then someone will be like "oh man that song was dope...in 2012"    Ricky is that you?    /r/nocontext   /u/trollabot train_subject2252    /r/subredditdrama   Wear your mullet with the confidence of a Hemi   Hey a reference I get. That makes 2 out of about 100 something   Quarter circles up  	106
 Could have, would have, should have...   I think your math is wrong since you didn't add in the fact that trading up battle scarred weapons cannot give you a minimal wear or higher quality weapon. The max quality you can get from battle scarred is field tested which has been proven here: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=420402033  In which case the chance for getting a profitable pink skin in the Winter Offensive case [ST] by using only battle scarred ST's is 3/8 instead of 9/13.  However i don't really know if or how much throwing in a higher quality skin will change the chances to get something better than field tested.     This is what i want to know too. Acestream was so damn stable for the last race.   had the exact same average after 5 tries. 207 ... i've never played cs ever though so i don't think it matters  	4
 Can you explain to me how f(1001)= 1/1 ?? I'm very confused.   Lol, I'm shocked at how many people didn't get this one right... Unless you're a freshman, I'd be concerned.   I don't know if I'd say a fuckton, but maybe like ten or less. A lot, but not a preposterous amount.   No, simultaneously was an option, but that is used with the plural. For example: "We did two **things** at the same time." "We did one thing **at the same time** we did the other." It does not make sense to say, "We did one thing **simultaneously** as we did the other," or something to that effect.   Haha, I got you, Mix.   I laughed my ass off reading this. Thank you.   /r/MURICA    It's kind of like a piece of paper. From one angle, completely blatantly obvious. From another, practically invisible. Notice how the brick wall in the background moves throughout the pictures.   Yes!!   As a Catholic, that's a pretty dumb, ridiculous story.   I was shocked to see how amazing you look. You are simply stunning!! Congrats on your recovery!   Awesome, thank you.   Hi there,  I have a question about annulments. If a couple has sex during their marriage but later get their marriage annulled, is that considered premarital sex / sinful?  God bless.      I found it on Twitter. I had never seen it on Reddit prior to this.      just changed my flair to 16. hmu   Thanks!   Thanks for pointing that out. Right now I am using Covergirl's 3-in-1 foundation.   Thank you for the suggestions!   Wow, thank you so much! I appreciate this a lot!   This is great! Thank you so much!   I'm moisturizing as much as I can, thank you.   Thanks for the tip.   I use a matte powder. The foundation I'm using right now really clings to dry patches and it drives me crazy. Plus, Accutane is known for making skin dry because it reduces the oil that the oil glands produce.   Hello lovelies,  So I started [Accutane](http://www.drugs.com/accutane.html) almost a week ago and my skin is already changing. I used to have the most oily skin (seriously, SO oily). Now my skin is starting to become dry. I am still oily but I have a lot of dry patches. Supposedly, my skin is going to be super dry in a few weeks.  That being said, I am totally lost as to what to do for my foundation now. I am so used to my oily skin that I just about know nothing about makeup for dry skin! So I'm hoping that you all can help me out. I am a teenager, so I'm on a budget and prefer drugstore products, but any suggestions will help. Also, I wear medium-full coverage foundations.  Thank you all so much! xo  TL;DR: I need suggestions for makeup (esp. foundation) for dry skin.   So I haven't even visited this subreddit since I reset my badge, and here I am at 44 days. It's not my longest streak, but I'm proud. I feel like this was my biggest goal: to be able to control myself to the extent that I wouldn't need to even worry about it. I think I've only had thoughts about relapsing somewhere between 1 and 5 times this past month and a half. Today, I'm proud of myself. I may not be perfect, but dammit I have self control.  Stay strong, you guys. One day hardmode will be easier than you ever dreamed.   You are so pretty.   On Facebook. Not Reddit.   Thank you so much for your comment. I'll definitely give this a try.   Wow, that's really good insight. Thank you.   Yeah, I didn't expect you to be a giant or anything. I was more just curious. Plus it would have given me a chuckle if you were really short.   You are so sweet, thank you so much. I'm kind of afraid to talk to my parents. Whenever my sister has they try to convince her to quit something but I don't want to quit anything. I think they are aware that I am stressed but they have no idea to what degree. I don't even know how I would bring it up without upsetting them.  Again, thank you. I really appreciate your kind words.   How tall are you?   Dammit high school sucks. I know that seems like no big deal to a lot of people, but I just feel so damn run down. No matter what I do I can't seem to get anything done. I don't get enough sleep, I don't get all my work done and I'm just so damn done with dealing with all this. It's only my sophomore year and I just want to sink into the floor. There are things I love like choir and dance team and musical but when it comes to actual classes I just want to lay in bed and cry. No kidding, all I want to do is sleep but I can't. All I can do is cry about it. I have two and a half years left and I feel so miserable. Why the hell is this so hard? I constantly feel like I'm letting someone down and my life is so full of stress I could explode. I cry all the time because I'm just so tired. Everyday I have commitments. Also, I live 45 minutes away from my school if there's no traffic, so I spend 1 1/2 hours on the road a day at the very least. I just want to relax. I want to catch my breath, sleep,  get my work done, and start again. I just want to hit pause. It's 8 pm right now and I can barely keep my eyes open because I'm so tired. And I keep getting sick because I never get any actual sleep and then I end up getting even more behind. And whenever I actually get a few hours off, I automatically try to relax because I have so much anxiety but then I find myself falling behind again. I have so many anxiety attacks because I just can't live the way I want to. There are things I want to do but my classes are holding me back. I know what I want to do with my life and barely any of my classes matter at all in the field or in my life. Like, what the hell am I doing this for? And I *have* to get good grades or else I won't be able to go to college but oh my gosh I just don't care anymore. I mean, I care about getting an education but damn why does this f***ing number have to determine so much of what I do in my life. Why can't I be happy right now? I know soon enough I'll be out of high school and maybe I'll be able to breathe and sleep and get over my anxiety but damn why can't my life be like that now. I just sit in my room and cry all the time because I just can't handle it. I'm crying right now because it's just so hard. I know that it's going to get better but why does it have to be so hard just so that I can get a diploma?  I'm aware that this is some pretty petty rambling, but I just needed to get it off my chest.   I agree. Miracles Whip is one of the worst things ever.   My dad used to shower me... I don't want to talk about it.   I LOVE IT!   (We're siblings!)   Go.   Pursue this. You are amazing.   Damn. You have some serious talent there, girl. You are beautiful.   Yeah, I'm pretty sure that would have ended horribly.   I'm literally staring at this picture and I can **NOT** tell that you are wearing makeup!! You are a god.   To be honest, I have no idea how I didn't notice... I think they went in one on top of the other, but I'm not really sure. I'm still pretty shocked by it.      I always love seeing your posts. You look fab!   I called and when I finally got an answer, they asked for my name. I immediately hung up.   All the lines are busy... ):   I feel you.   Well, I know nothing about sketching, but it looks amazing so far!!   In the BBC article linked by /u/trewq321 , he does say he is eager to do some public speaking again and would love to speak about anything... Interesting...   I can understand where you get that, but I don't think it is. The person feeling upset obviously just needs some time to reconcile with what is going on. Once they get their fill of the nest, they'll come out to work it out.   Your friend should definitely talk to his/her professor or a school counselor (if you have one). I'm sure some kind of understanding can be reached.   This is definitely the most accurate that I've seen. Very well done.   My guess would be that they said something like "We'll briefly cover your childhood homelessness," but he wasn't expecting "How tough was it? Wasn't it awful? What was it like? Can you shed a few tears for us please?" I don't know, but that's my take on it.   Yeah, the interview you referenced is pretty obviously fake. I didn't watch it until the end, but it's from the same account as the original and says some very obviously untrue things. It says very early on that it hit a million views in about ten hours. It does not have a million views... I'm not 100% sure about the video being fake (though I have a hard time believing that it's true), but for sure the interview is.   This is absolutely fantastic!! You did a beautiful job!   I found this strangely powerful. Thanks for sharing.   I think I'm the only one in Texas happy about this right now. I broke my nose and had surgery today. Now I don't have to miss all the stuff I had planned for tomorrow and Saturday!   I'm sorry to hear that. Best wishes to you as well.   Will do.   Hi there.  I broke my nose just over a week ago. I went to the doctor on Monday and found out that it is in fact broken, and I'm going to need surgery to put it back into place before the bones heal too much to move them.   It's not a big deal (they're not even cutting my open, but they do need to put me under), but I need the prayers. No one, as far as I know, is praying for me. That's fine, it's not a major operation or anything like that, but I'm still having surgery and I'm nervous. I really need all the prayers I can get, if not just to calm my nerves.   Thank you all so much; I love and appreciate all of you. God bless.  P.S. My name is Nicole if you want to call me by name.  **TL;DR** I broke my nose and am having surgery. I would really appreciate some prayers.  **Update 1:** I'm about to go into surgery, and I feel very at peace. Thank you all so much who prayed; it definitely made a difference.  **Update 2:** I'm now out of surgery and doing really well. The doctor said my nose was broken worse than she originally thought, but the surgery still went very well. I can already breathe through my nose better and I feel very blessed to have this over with and be doing so well! Thank you all so much; you are amazing!      482   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   73   Six hundred eighty seven.      Good for you for going with such a bold look! Next time, I would choose a bit of a richer red: a bit darker and, I guess the only way I can say it is thicker and more opaque.   I'll definitely look into that. Thanks so much.   Wow, never would have tried that. Thanks!   Hi there. Last night I beat up my nose real bad and now the entire right side of my nose and my right eye are swollen up like a balloon. Right now there's only a little bit of redness in those areas so it'll be easy enough to cover up with concealer, but eventually it's gonna turn into a real deep black and blue. Also, if there's anything I can do to distract from or some how cover up the swelling, it would be much appreciated.  Thanks! xoxo   Thanks so much!   No worries, this gave me a bit of a chuckle.   I don't think that's necessary. I've received a lot of help and inspiration here despite this. Also, a female NoFap would be so much smaller, we wouldn't receive nearly as much support.   Haha, I got that after I posted this thread.   I'm glad I could help(:   The mental side effects, yes, are very much the same. I don't suffer from all of them, but depression, anxiety, easily distracted, disinterest, etc. As for men, some women experience a lot of them, some only a few. I personally suffer anxiety and depression that sometimes lead into things like disinterest, etc.  Obviously, the physical effects are different. Overuse can lead to dryness, itchiness, elongated labia minora (vaginal lips), loss in sensitivity, etc. I haven't really researched this, but these are things that I have experienced.   Yeah, that's true, but at least there's the option.   Just got mine(: I'm glad you appreciate it!   Haha(: Well I think addiction to / problems with fapping for women (schlicking, I guess, but that sounds gross) is definitely less prevalent than it is in men. Obviously, women don't have to worry about ED, low sperm count, etc., but I have noticed in myself that my labia minora (the vaginal lips, I suppose) become elongated and the vagina can become dry and itchy, which can possibly leading to things like UTI or yeast infection. It also decreases sensitivity by a large degree. Again, this isn't something I've researched, but something I have observed.  I think that most women do masturbate, they are just less prone to addiction. Many people say that's because women are more interested in the love and connection than just the sensation, which is often what men are looking for. This can lead into women caring less and less about connection and becoming addicted or they get bored and choose to never do it, or at least not that often. But really, as far as I know, women with fapping issues are definitely in the vast minority.  Sorry for the wall of text, but I hope this was helpful!   I hope you know how childish and inappropriate this is.   Okay, well thank you. I just wanted you to know that it didn't really upset me, I just felt like, again, it needed to be said. Have a good day(:   Thanks(: I'll definitely look into that.   You're obviously going through something tough in your life right now, so I'm just going to ignore you. I don't know why you'd choose to follow a teenaged girls reddit account and post rude things about her, but sounds like a cry for attention to me... Maybe you should be more concerned with yourself than a stranger.   I understand it, but I've been here for maybe a year and I felt like it needed to be said. Now I said it, and people helped me out. No big deal.   I quit because of my religion, not for attention... Hearing about what masturbation does to people through this community made me take the plunge, but that was not my reason. Also, I didn't claim to be an addict. Masturbation is more of a vice to me than an addiction. Don't pretend to know me.   Just found that. Thanks so much!   Thank you very much(:  	90
 Before what?   I receive $200 in food stamps per month. Yes, am still looking (see above). I am not super close with my siblings and have kept my unemployment and homelessness a secret from them out of embarrassment.  	2
 Wow.  You're amazing! You've seriously inspired me to get back at running and lifting. And recording what I eat.  Can i ask though. When you were dieting and only running did you use protein shakes or not till after you started to lift too? Also did you keep up cardio once you started to lift?    I can't say    It's broken too haha cracked on the right side and the back is missing.    Oh yeah trust me hw scared me when he did this a lot. . Any things broken he had to. Replace that were mine.  Part of the reason i left.    He still does :/    He kept them all no idea why. He sent me this pic once when i was away at college.  He broke walls too and also doors..  I woke up one morning cause i could hear him cursing and he was dumping an entire can of arizona fruit punch on his $2000 gaming pc. Safe to say he probably shouldn't be playing online games.  Never did stuff like that unless he was playing with people he couldn't see. So much wasted money on controllers and new ps3's.  Ugh    Missing the entire back    This pic does not include like 7 other controllers and 2 smashed ps3. Yeppp anger issues for sure.       Looks cool, expect that weird cyan sticker on the windshield :/   Vivienne, Sera   I speed walk for 10-15 in cold befoew running. Should i be doing more maybe?    Honestly I've tried outside in winter. The cold cold (like current temps)  causes old injuries to become very stiff and sore.  For reference I've torn my Achilles tendon and hamstring (on oppsite legs) anyway ill run usually outside right up till dec after that unless it's mild i really can't its more like trudging through feet of snow/ice rather than a run anyway.. Dunno   I used to be an avid runner, and by this I mean I used to run 6/7-7/7 days a week. Now its more like 1/7 if that. (boo) I'd really like to get back into running again. Though being that its winter and I really hate the cold its hard for me to get back into running with only the use of the treadmill at the gym. I find it very boring. So I've come to reddit to see how runners here keep motivated in the winter to run indoors. (since for me outside will have to wait till spring)   A dog with parvovirus    It being over so i dont have to work   	16
 Is this in London or Chicago? I'm going to assume Chicago, because of the amazing mustache.     KCW. Keys, cell phone, wallet, the three essential elements of my peace of mind. I can't leave anywhere without exercising the KCW pat down. If i do lose a KCW, it's just an obnoxious and costly bummer. But if you will, those are my children.   If you created and raised a child, your animal instincts kick in whether you like it or not. The animal inside you won't fine peace of mind until your child is able to thrive in h/er environment.  If you lose a child, youre going to go through primal sadness. I would assume that would be enough to keep your child near while your on vacation.   Sorry, this is a real This happens? moment for me. There is even a name for it!?!?!?!   Forgetful Tourist?    truman state?    I had a hard time making friends in high school. Every year I'd find another guy that had a hard time making friends, and we'd keep each other company for a year. Same classes, same lunch hour. It only worked cause  it was easy.   Senior year was...we'll call him...Kyle. Kyle was like Samuel, Patrick, and Colin before him. Smart, nice enough, aware, but just insecure and a few months behind everybody else. Late bloomers, for whatever reason. He also liked the new girl, Lacy.   I was also insecure and the latest of the bloomers, but I started getting attention my senior year. The "hottest girl in the school for sure" asked me out for coffee and we dated for a couple months. This meant I was no longer a wallflower. Kyle and I got to hang out with people other than ourselves, a very radical thing in our friendship. However, we dealt with it just fine. Until Lacy asked me out.  I said yes because she had a certain reputation, and because, ehhh, a girl thought I was worthy. Needless to say, I went into for all the wrong reasons and immediately cheated on her, which I immediately told Kyle, who I immediately told Lacy, who immediately dumped me, and I immediately never talked to Kyle.   Kyle compensates with muscles and angry FB posts to this day.   Oh yeah, we're still FB friends.     German factory owner violates industry regulations.    Banker never leaves his hometown.       And the jewelry?   When asked if he was good for China, it's common for people here (Beijing) to say he was "70% bad, 30% good." Exactly those numbers. Anybody know why?    I love pandas -- I want to save the pandas -- I love Chinese food -- I work at a Chinese restaurant -- I date a Chinese waitress -- I move to China -- I break up with Chinese waitress -- I don't save any pandas   Until he posts the interview, I can't provide verification. I can't post emails and stuff obviously, but this is real.    Black cabs are usually a safe alternative to a cab, but at least two stories went viral recently of girls getting kidnapped by black cab drivers. Just be alert and bring a phone/friend.    "Join the army if ya fail!" - Bobby D   care to elaborate?      Yadda yadda yadda    ELI5: How?    When I see someones heart melt, mine does too and I ain't afraid of no monster-voice.   	18
 Some of us have friends who all bring instruments to the party.   The guy that doesn't quite know how to play his guitar.    Or sing out.   FOR EVERY BEAR THAT EVER THERE WAS WILL GATHER TODAY TOGETHER BECAUSE **TODAY'S THE DAY THAT TEDDY BEARS HAVE THEIR PICNIC**.          I have a problem.   The bluegrass community has pretty much banned Wagon Wheel. Everyone hates it now. Fun fact.       Also Midnight Special and Bad Bad Leroy Brown go over great.   No but opium is.   Thank you.    Well thank you.         I generally do. Actually I rarely wash let alone condition my hair. I do rub myself down in coconut oil before I get out of the shower which has been helping my skin.   As someone with chronic pain I wasn't that pleased.   I didn't care for it. A bunch of people with chronic pain were excited about it but it ended up poorly portraying people like us. So I may be bias. She did a good job acting when it comes to being in pain, but at the same time real people with constant pain become good at hiding it. So it seemed a little dramatic to me. I guess that works for the majority demographic though.    That looks like a collage I would have made in high school to make my art teacher uncomfortable.    Like the aches you get with a fever? I get that a lot.    I'm pretty sure I have mastocytosis. It can be inconvenient for me at times but it's not much of a problem for me. At least not compared to the other stuff. Though it varies from case to case like EDS.        My hands and feet swell sometimes. My face will get hot and flushed. And I get a few hives here and there. One time I had them really badly for three months and in that time things like my lips would swell up and I looked like some kind of plastic surgery nightmare. Or my feet were so swollen i had to crawl to the bathroom. That was way back in high school and we never figured out why it happened until now but it hasn't happened since.         For the most part it isn't that bad, I do also have a dumpy immune system though.    The symptoms for mastocytosis are confusing. My hands and feet swell and turn red often, sometimes because of exercise or having a drink, other times for no reason. I also had severe hives for three months one time. It was insane. I have also always had a crappy immune system. So I assume I have mast cell disease. It's sort of the least of my problems though.    I have messed around with silks before and they gave me major bruises. I used to be a contortionist and performed with a sideshow as well as playing wash tub bass with a band. Then I started feeling awful and figured out that the hypermobility is part of the problem. Which led me to realize I have EDS as well as some of the conditions that come with it. I can still play my ukulele banjo but I have osteoarthritis in my hands so that won't last long.    Sometimes were not. But this sub really is full of some major bad asses.   You actually weren't the person I had in mind. And the church thing is a no go for me.   I have a slurry of physical and mental health problems. I am 23 and can't go to the grocery store and take a shower in the same day.        Let's see if I can remember most of them.          Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, osteoarthritis, dysautonomia, POTS, hyperthyroidism, TMJ, and fibromyalga.        Then I have depression of course and have had a couple bouts of psychotic depression, severe anxiety which is amplified by my thyroid problem. And I am possibly bipolar.        Generally I am a really easy going person but with all my health problems I become pretty useless at times.        My physical health is pretty bad due to the ehlers-danlos. In a literal sense I am actually falling apart.    "Will you marry me?"        Not just any guy but a specific one.   Even though I have good health insurance I can't get any doctors to treat my chronic pain because so many people have abused the system.    Walking down the street as a kid on Halloween with some friends when lightning struck a telephone pole right next to us.            Yeah the cheapest surgeon at the cheapest hospital probably isn't a good idea.    A picture I took of my friend that makes me laugh every time I scroll past it in my phone. NSFW.           http://imgur.com/DMH0Xw9            I actually had to leave my job due to unfortunate health problems. It was a wonderful job though and I am hoping to go back. I worked at a dog rescue. So there was about 200 dogs at the warehouse I worked at. Most of the people that do the grunt work like myself are dirty punk kids. Having face tattoos is a normal thing there.        I mostly walked the dogs and had several breaks throughout the day. Being the sick person I am I would take naps on top of the huge pallets of dog food despite there being tourists walking around looking at the dogs. It is a fairly laid back place so long as you are doing your job.         Dirtiest job I have ever had. Also the best. Those dogs are hard to not fall in love with. Working with people who are also grossly obsessed with the dogs is a bonus.          That specific rescue also happens to be somewhat famous so it was interesting trying to avoid cameras and super fans.   I am from Washington state. I heard that our accents sound "the most intelligent" so many news reporters tend to be from WA.    I am way late. I don't have anything too extreme, six tattoos, one nipple pierced, vertical labret, both nostrils, and my bridge. My hair is also weird colors and my fashion sense is confusing for everyone (I really love my knit maroon body suit).      No the bridge piercing does not go through the bone.       I really really really do not want attention. I look the way I do because it is what I like, I seriously hate all the clothes that would make me look normal. I know I will always get stared at in public and that's fine, but please leave me alone.          The only time I care for attention from strangers is when I am on a stage actively desplaying myself which I no longer do because I am disabled.        I just want to live happily ever after with a dozen dogs and my big heavily tattooed mexican boyfriend.    My bridge is pierced and people always ask if it is through the bone. Um. No.   I got turned down by them.   I was seeing pain specialists at UW. Fuck those guys. Just saying. Do not recommend. When their geneticist turned me down they were like "Why do you want a diagnosis so bad anyway? Would that make you feel better?" I still don't know weather or not I have type 4 or just 3.   All growing up I did ballet and gymnastics. More recently I was a contortionist. Realizing I can never do that again was hard. But I guess I got over it because before I had time to deal with it my health also caused me to have to leave my job and all the dogs I love that I worked with. Then I left my home, my lover, my step dog, and my life all because I can't take care of myself at 23. So I guess the other things sort of went on the back burner.    Thanks. I am just so ready to be past this.   Thanks. And yeah. I'm sick of my body.  My joints don't even dislocate. It just hurts all the time. And despite not having been on tramadol for long I am withdrawing. So that's probably why I'm so fucked right now.    Thanks.    There's just nothing. My tramadol stopped working so I stopped taking. I wasn't on it for very long but it is definitely effecting me coming out of my system. I had weird dreams last night when I finally managed to sleep for a couple hours.  Now I still feel all gross about it. My mom is being awful and it is the worst timing. I just want to go home back to my life. I want to try Lyrica and maybe that will help. I will even try some of the woo woo herbal shit. But I am done trying to get to the bottom of this. My ship is capsizing and I am not going to watch my life sink to the bottom so I can go try and find some mythical mermaid medical treatment. Fuck this. I am done with my health ruining my life. Fuck my health. There is no need for it if I can't have a life anyway. I'm 23 and don't have time for this shit. I need to go back home to my partner and the dogs. I need my life back. I don't care if I have to work covered in braces.        I haven't always made the best decisions in life, but I at least had decisions to make and usually knew which ones were right. Now I don't even really have any options or they all seem like bad ones.         This is MY life. I demand the right to fuck it up on my own or have enough control to actually make it work. I'm sick of doctors making it about my depression. Of course I am fucking depressed! Look at this shit! I shouldn't be here!       If I can find meds that will take the edge off I am just going to suck it up and go back to work. It doesn't matter anymore. I already know what I have to lose and my health is the least of them.   Um. Um. Dark green! Do you have any pets? Do you like ice cream? I love ice cream.    Sorry I was trying to do the sleep thing and didn't think many people would be interested anyway.     Villalobos Rescue Center    http://www.vrcpitbull.net/dog/how-you-can-help/donations/   Louisiana.    http://www.vrcpitbull.net/dog/how-you-can-help/donations/   Holy shit yes.   http://www.vrcpitbull.net/dog/how-you-can-help/donations/   Yes.   Seriously. I mean I do enjoy browsing this sub and all but the animal stuff is different. That dog can have a future but she is being given a home from a non profit business. That business relies on donations to keep going and already has 500 dogs to feed, bed, clean, walk, love, and pay for all their vet bills. And most of them have heartworm which has to be treated but it's not cheap. The dog I am getting from there is actually still there only because she is on heartworm treatment.    Well I'm glad someone likes it.   She will be fine I bet. The rescue that has her is really good.    She is still a puppy so whoever had her didn't have her for too long either way.    I just saw that on Facebook. I used to work at the place that rescued her before I got sick. People that do that shit are the worst. I was already having a bad day but when I saw that I was immediately in tears. That rescue has a bunch of dogs with scars from embedded collars. That is a whole different level of fucked.        Her name is Frozen, if anyone is interested in donating to go towards her surgery I can give you the information.    Ugh. I know how you feel. I am 23 and can't do shit because of my pain. I have ran through all of those same thoughts. And I am having a bad pain day as well so there's about a five minute pause between each sentence. It really is awful, I would deal with it had I at least been able to get through a decent chunk of my life. I'm sorry you're stuck here with us, but honestly this sub has done a lot for me when I am at my worst. If you want to talk to someone your age that knows exactly what you're going through feel free to hit me up any time.          I was planning on saying other things... but I don't know what happened. But uh. Yeah.   Maybe it was the other way around. This may sound weird, but I was actually born with no facial piercings. And yet there has never been a shortage of weirdos in my life.    Thanks. I was actually planning to get a lawyer after the first time.    Thanks. I was actually planning to get a lawyer after the first time.    Yeah I was having a weird moment but sometimes those work out.   Nice.   Hi new friend. What's your favorite color?    Haha. Yeah. I just haven't done well in texas.   Thanks. Texas doesn't like my kind too much though. Haha.   Ugh that sucks.    Like a small face and a pointy little chin. And I am mixed race.    I have that same problem. Not because I am super attractive, but because I am fairly attractive and dress differently. So I get the creepy looks as well as the dirty ones for looking like a heathen. Which I am.   This is actually one of the biggest things I have a problem with. I can hardly go outside without being acknowledged by creeps. I hate cat calls so much. Sometimes I pick up rocks in case I need to throw them.   Dude. Older Mexican guys. At least they are all romantic about it. Still creepy though. Now I always tell them I already have a Mexican boyfriend.    This shit.   Dude I have great curves but my boobs kind of suck. I kind of like it.   I constantly get approached and I hate it. But I also have strange features so I think I tend to attract the weirdos.   It's too soon. We're not ready yet.    Same as the guy from the killers I think.   My good friend was working as a delivery driver in Seattle. He had a delivery for Nye. When he opened the door he grabbed the package and shut the door in my friends face. My friend knocked again because he needed the papers signed. Nye opened the door and barked about no autographs and my friend hardly had a chance to tell him he just needed the paperwork signed for his job. Nye didn't even apologize or anything.         It's sad because my friend loved Bill Nye and he is like the sweetest guy ever.   Oh yeah. Thanks. I was kinda close.   They deserve more.   Possibly. I will check it out. Thanks.   Jimmy Page being a creep and kidnapping a 14 year old girl and then marrying her.        But more importantly Bill Nye being a dick. I have heard a few stories but one is from one of my close friends. Not impressed Bill.        I mean I know he is a scientist and all and being famous sucks. But he made a kids show. My whole generation idolizes him. But no, he has to go shit all over our childhoods.         But I have also met some pseudo celebrities that are great. Patch Adams (like the Robin Williams film but the guy it's about) is really wonderful. I see him at a festival every year. And the cast from Pitbulls and Parolees are great. Particularly Tia who's life really does revolve around those dogs.           Edit: Names are hard.   Chorizo and eggs over rice with avacado. Could even add some cilantro and lime. That dish is always delicious but I happen to have the almost useless talent of serving food in ways that make it look way more fancy than it is.        Also I probably have tequila stashed around the house somewhere.    This is probably the most likely way to get laid. Besides the roofie guy.    Wow.   Ah yes. The sexiest of the date foods.   So uh. Have any plans tonight?    This is the first one that is decent enough that it wouldn't ruin the chances of me sleeping with the cook.         Maybe I about being picky but I feel like canned corn isn't really going to get me in the mood.   Maybe we need to come up with a revised version.    I don't know how I would have that much dark shit going on when I was five. But it's not really like that. I have had anxiety attacks which are awful and like that. The dream thing is a completely different flavor of fucked up. That's not what little girls should have going on.        The dream though actually reminds me of something I heard later on though. I think it was about people in east Germany that lived near the Berlin Wall. The men would begin to dig a hole to tunnel under so they could escape with their families. But they couldn't just have big dirt piles laying around. So every day they would fill their lunch boxes with dirt and dump it at work. Which would end up taking years. I don't even know where I learned that.   Stupid body tricks like touching my tongue to my nose and putting my arms in stupid yoga positions. My body does all kinds of weird shit.   I had a dream when I was little that I had a house, but for some reason the house was full of mounds and mounds of salt. I don't know why or under what context but I was only allowed to remove one pinch of salt a day.         It wasn't so much the content of the dream as it was the feeling I had the whole time. It is by far the worst feeling I have ever had in my life and sometimes I almost have flashbacks of it. There are certain things that cause it but one of them is touching one of my pinkys a specific way. I have had pretty severe anxiety most of my life but whatever that is is a whole different level. When it happens I can't get rid of the feeling until it goes on its own.        I'm not sure if it happened around some traumatic event I don't remember or if it was a fever dream. Maybe both. I know I hallucinate pretty badly when I have fevers. But there is also some suspicion that I have blocked out some kind of trauma from my early years.         I would like to figure out what the fuck that's about but I sort of figure it will just cause a major nervous breakdown in a decade or so and I will find out then.   And then one on you so an alarm sounds if the snail comes with a certain distance.       Also bellydancers that are also ninjas.   That is probably what they have on all their clipboards or some shit.    I can get more creative than that.   Yes!   Hahaha. Actually no my dad is white. My mom is Filipino though.    What's the worst thing that could happen? What am I gonna curse you with crippling torturous pain? Oh wait.   I kind of want to fight your mom. Or make my mom fight your mom. Instead of like dog fighting we could do underground chronic pain mom fighting.    Yeah my dad is the worst with that. I can't eat any kind of sugar around him. I'm 23. He also think I just need to eat a ton of broth and shit because the connective tissue. Um. No.   That's blackout. Usually it's a good thing. But in this game you walk away with chronic pain either way...... Soooo.. yeahhhh.   Thanks.    That's awesome. Happy for you. I am actually lucky enough to have a few close people that are pretty understanding.    Haha. I should start mailing people spoons.   Hahaha. Seriously. I still feel bad for the starving babies in the Philippines and all but I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO BE ABLE TO FUNCTION LIKE A HUMAN ANYWAY.  As a matter of fact I could actually be doing good thing for the world if I could use my body. I had to quit my job working with rescue dogs in the ghetto. Yes things could be worse. But they could also be better. That would be fucking ideal.   Yeah mine just go in and out. I have never had a dislocation that didn't easily go back into place though.    Yeah I was planning to. Hopefully that will get me somewhere with that.   It's really frustrating.    Yeah that's weird.    One of them was. He would actually do his fucking hair. My current boyfriend is just kind of obsessive and had a long winded routine he had to do before leaving the house. It includes smoking a bowl and picking everything up off the floor.   This whole year I have gone from doctor to doctor trying to get taken seriously. I *think* I finally found a decent GP, I have PT tomorrow for the first time, and I had an appointment with another rheumatologist. Had as in until today when the office called me and dumped me because he doesn't treat EDS.         I am trying so hard to get better but there's nothing else I can do. I am completely debilitated lately. And to make it worse I have to work somewhere for a few days in a week or so. Which I am stressed about. I am already trying to deal with the fact that I have to work outside in the sun and dust for four days and won't be able to get the proper pain medication. When I already have a hard time putting my hair in a bun.        I know I need braces for my wrists, elbow, and knees (probably my hips too but I don't feel like looking like fucking buzz lightyear). It is a bummer I couldn't get medical help sooner so I could have things like that by now.        What is really getting to me is that I feel like I would **really** benefit from forearm crutches. Which is already enough of a bummer on its own but I can't even talk to a doctor about it. I think they would help because my legs get so tired and weak from walking. Not because of dislocations or anything. And the place I have to work has a lot of walking to do.          To make it worse every time I bring it up to my parents they don't say much and give me a look like I am being dramatic. I think that if I had more support and I could talk to my mom about it I would just end up buying a pair before I have to go work. But without reinforcement I feel stupid about it. It's sort of embarrassing.          What do you think? Maybe I shouldn't be making such a big deal and wait to see the right doctor? I don't know.    Yeah I will probably just stick to the water stuff. I can't hold myself up in warrior pose because I am too weak and shakey and I can't put my weight on my wrists. I can do the one where you lay on your back for 20 minutes though. Hahahaha.   Yeah TMJ is fairly common. Mine is very obvious because every time I open my mouth there is a series of crunching and a couple pops. I don't get to eat a lot of things. Hahaha.   That's what happens to me. I just realized my 'good' shoulder isn't quite in the socket all the way. Apparently it just lives there.    Like the other day. In the past ten months my pain has become crippling. In a week or so I have a festival that I work at every year (I grew up going and it is important to me). I have been stressed out about how I will manage working with all my pain. There is so much walking to to there that it has always been exhausting for me even when I didn't work. So I got to thinking it would be much easier to stand for my five hour shift if I didn't have to walk everywhere. Then it hit me. But I doubt I can make that happen by then.   It should. I hate that. The condition I have actually makes me way too bendy so yoga is pretty much the opposite of what I should be doing.    Nothing good. But you had fun right?    The way doctors. act you would think they know much more about mental health than they do.         Every time I explain how bad my chronic pain is and how it effects my life I end up crying. Doctors immediately skip over the physical stuff and go straight to asking about my depression. As if that is the most likely cause of my crippling pain. I had to leave my job, home, dogs, boyfriend, and life in general because of my body. I am 23 and can hardly put my hair up. Yeah I'm fucking depressed. I am pretty sure that is a reasonable response to that.    Sometimes when someone asks me that and I don't want to talk to them I say "I cried in my bed all day". Hahaha. Sometimes it's half true. But it gets people to back off.    I used to get migraines a lot, sometimes they were pretty bad, but would really effect my eyes. Now I haven't had one for a while for some reason and just had headaches most of the time. Now I have hardly get those.        I have a connective tissue disorder so my neck has always hurt because it's not strong enough to support my head. But it's not as bad as my jaw, hands, elbow, and hips. The only thing that really helps my neck is massage. Even when opiate pain pills take away my pain it gives me a different sometimes worse pain in my neck.      Everything is weird. I actually really like body hair on men and women. Armpit hair is the best. I like to bleach mine, I hear that blondes have more fun but I'm not that commited.   	112
 Using marijuana    The stuff I'm getting is called sour diesel I don't know if that matters or not but what are some tips for my first time?   Thanks and it's not finished it's still work in progress                Thanks I will defiantly try that I just want to test a few things before I start    I'm doing my first cosplay/gender bend cosplay as Ashe from league of legends And I am hand making the bow I wanted to do a card board frame and wire then paper mâché the outside then sand the out side smooth then paint is this a posable method ?    Not a save, just stating facts.      Yeah but he's got them moves like a jaguar       Hi   Thanks :)   I was just getting done with my shift at around 6:30pm at the summer boys camp. The forecast called for rain and by looking at the sky that forecast would soon come true, so I made my way to my old rusty ford pinto as I put the key in the ignition it took 5 or 6 tries to get it to turn over. I was just 40 min outside of the city when the rain hit like wall, my car started to slowly decelerate as I notice my check engine light was on "you gotta be f@$ ing kidding me!". I looked to see if there are any incoming cars to help but in the distance I saw an old rundown house but it wasn't abandoned there was a light on inside, so I quickly grabbed my umbrella wedged in the bottom of my seat and make my way to the front door.         I knock 3 times, the door slowly opens with an eerie squeak you only hear in the movies to reveal an elderly man who could well be in his late hundreds a beard down to his stomach whiter then mountain snow and bald scalp.   "May I help you" he asked          "Yes my car broke down just down the road, would I be able to make a call?"     The old mans face was blank    "Sorry son,no phone here"        "Well may I stay until the rain stops?"   "Sure you can !"the old man seemed delighted as if I was the first person he's seen in 10 years.    He gave me a tour of his house but oddly enough kind of like the tardis it was crappy on the outside but beautiful on the inside. I noticed a door he seemed to miss as we walked by I asked "what is in here"   The old man turned around with lightning speed as if he was 20 again    "Do not touch what's in there!" He slammed the door that was not even an inch open and pulled a key from the wall and locked the door.   "I'm sorry" Well finally sat down in the dinning room and the man grabbed me a soda. As we were talking waiting for the rain to stop the old man slowly began to drift off as I was telling him about my job. After he was asleep I got very curious I wan to know what's in that room, so I slowly get up and make my way to the locked door I grab the key off the wall I slowly start to unlock the door but as I open the door I hear in the back of my mind "don't touch what's in there".     I open the door to find a stairwell leading to a basement I start making my way down the old creaky stairs surprised they can hold my weight. I look over to see in the corner of the room a 20x15ft steel cage but that's not what shocked me what shocked me was the 750lbs silver back gorilla sitting favoring the wall 4 ft in front of the cage door I slowly approach the cage and again in my mind I hear "don't touch what's down there" but all I can think about is why is this animal here. I try to make the gorilla move so I say "hey!" But no response it was as if it was a realistic statue I went to the side of the cage to get a view of its face and it just had a blank stare not even a blink.i noticed another key on the wall by the cage so I took the key I slowly opened the cage door and reached ever so slightly towards the gorilla my pointer finger just barely grazed it's fur when the gorilla erupted with a loud yell I feel back and ran up the stairs and bolted out of the house.   Surprisingly through all the noise the old man was fast asleep. I looked back to see the gorilla burst through the front door, he was locked on me like a heat seeking missile I made it to my car and prayed it would start but the key would not turn over. The gorilla ripped the passenger side door off as if if were opening a can of tuna, I quickly got into the fetal position as I was cry praying and begging not to be ripped apart the gorilla slowly reached in with its massive hands and poked me on the shoulder and said "you're it !" In a raspy voice.    This is more of a dug  http://i.imgur.com/0PjjH5H.jpg   Yes it was good I had to turn on a light to finish it    His face is too narrow   What the actual fuck.   Dylan O'brien in my opinion is one of the hardest celebrities to draw it's just something about his face but you are very close to nailing it head on try drawing it 2 or 3 more times then compare    His feature look to round and there is not much shadowing/shading       Her lip is a tad bit too big and thank you I guess while I draw I never really do take a step back and look at my drawing    Thanks I'll keep all that in mind    It's just  from rolling it up since I would take it back and forth from home and school but I bought a poster folder for my art            Most likely it's her parents fault she's like that.   Want some cheese with that wine?      Either you are payed to say "how are you" or "how was your day" or not you most likely have done the samething they have and just ignored someone I know it's  common courtesy but unless you are mr.roggers I doubt you should complain because you have done it too.   Oh I'm also a waiter    It's LeviOsa, not LeviosAR!   Oh , bite me      "I do not like thee cone of shame"-Dug   Hahah I get it my leg looks like a boner!   I had one didn't start to hurt until Christmas eve at about 1:00am had to go to the E.R. Got some nice painkillers for Christmas.    "Congratulation you are now the fattest boy on camp"   Happy Father's Day this is the most important question I need to know the answer to ... Waffles or pancakes?   My goldens name is dexter... It's a 'killer' name wouldn't you say?         Yes she sheds a ton    No I understood it was helpful but when your team is fighting each other feeding and communication is shit it is hard to carry.    Not much you can do when your team feeds and dose not cooperate or listen    Any tips on playing in ranked? I was in silver V I played well but my teams would lose so I got dropped to bronze 1. I usually play Ryze top lane. What are your strategies?         He already knows dig!!   My level 3 [golden retriever] (http://i.imgur.com/0PjjH5H.jpg)      That scene was really good in my opinion!   I see what you did there!   I know it tore my heart out    Thank I tried to make it have more but frankly I didn't care in the first place         Go Go Godzilla!!   Thanks   I love wall         Well I'm sorry       No I just like a certain type of music I was born in the generation I was Suppose to, but the music today is unoriginal and has over used lyrics.   Idk what to tell you  	68
      	2
 Wow. Please don't assume that I'm the only person who lives in this house and that it was my fault the door was left open. Because that wasn't the case.    Neighbour's cat   Fortunately, she's got all her vaccines up to date!    Asian    He's smiling!! 3     Wow. Congrats. First time I've actually said WTF on this subreddit.  Would not recommend clicking.    Gorgeous eyes!    Not being enough.    I went to the ER yesterday and am on antibiotics for 10 days! The owners have caged the cat and I'm calling animal control on Tuesday (long weekend).    My cat ran to my room for safety and I guess the cat got pissed. I know it sounds unbelievable but it happened. It's not the first time this cat has bitten someone though. She bit her owners and their baby as well.    A clown with a syringe.    I wish I had a big sister to help me with my first makeup bag! Hope she loves it!   	12
 Hey all. I created this to be a place where thin, healthy people can talk about thin people things with other thin people. If anyone actually subs, I'll need a mod team, so there's that.  Share your thin person activities, tips, advice, cool products, etc, and what being a thin person means to you!  Welcome!      I can't wait to wake up early and not struggle at all to jog a few miles. Anyone else?   Need the link to the petition.   Faces were left in, unless it was a minor (which were never posted as the primary focus, but were sometimes in the photo. Their faces were to be blurred or pixelated out.) All other identifying info was washed (name, Tumblr blog URL, Instagram name, etc). No info was left that would have led a reader to the individual's personal or internet existence. This was strictly to *prevent* FPH users going off reddit and trolling someone. It was the opposite, and I'm sharing this in the name of transparency. A more typical scenario is a FPH reader trolling a fat person IRL (Instagram, Facebook, etc) and then anonymously posting about it to FPH, with all identifying info removed. The non-existance of the subreddit won't stop people from posting things on other's Instagram/Tumblr/FB posts; it just takes away the place to share those trollings (if you will).  There was a notable doxxing less than a month ago. Last I followed, the FPH user came close to losing his/her job, and may have since then. All the content from FPH is gone, or I'd share the details for the sake of discussion.   Huh. I'd never heard of them before today, but I'll consider this new piece of information.   Just like reddit received the strong message from the downfall of Digg?   Members of FPH received more IRL consequences than we ever would dish out. I can't speak for asshole individuals (who would be assholes with or without FPH), but the sub as a whole didn't affect anyone IRL. Some of **our members** received death threats, some were severely doxxed (to the point of job loss), etc.   I honestly think they only banned the other four subs as a cushion for banning FPH. That's the only explanation that makes any sense to me.   F   Do you have actual examples of this? Other than people being assholes? Please share them.  If I go walk up to a person on the street and call them a fat piece of shit is that a direct reflection of my involvement with FPH? If I start an Instagram account just to post shitty things on the HAES pages, does that have anything to do me being a member at FPH? No. It doesn't.  So give me an example of when the sub (as a whole, not just one user acting alone) was *directly responsible* for harassment.   Not bullshit. Active FPH poster here, and you can downvote me to hell for that all you want, but the mods at FPH took this very seriously. We kept to our own little corner of reddit, despite being brigaded ourselves. Despite receiving death threats in our inbox. Despite some members having their lives completely ruined by doxxers. We were constantly being reminded by the mods about the seriousness of our content getting out of the sub. The mods were always quick to remove posts with identifying information, or posts that promoted brigading or activities outside the subreddit.  Basically, all the things that people are accusing us of doing have been happening **to us** and we don't bitch about it. We just stayed in our corner, with our alternate usernames, laughing at pictures of fat people.   Neither ~~is~~ was /r/fatpeoplehate. That's the point.   The amount of that that was going on was nothing. Are they going to ban every sub that has a small percentage of readers brigading elsewhere? It has nothing to do with that.  Case in point: remember when /r/androidmasterrace essentially shut down /r/iosmasterrace due to brigading? The reddit admins did basically nothing. It's not about brigading, and don't think for a second that it's not at least 95% about the fat hate.  Second point: One of the other banned subs is /r/hamplanethatred. I'm a *very* active FPH poster and I'd never even heard of that sub. I doubt they had a big hand in brigading anyone, and certainly not as much as some of the other (non-banned) fat hate subs had the potential to do.    Good job reddit. You just pissed off a community of over 150,000 users. This will not end well, and I doubt those 150,000 will go down without a fight.   Has it gotten you arrested yet? I think that's a more likely outcome.   Increased by almost 2 years in just 3 hours. Guys, we're fucked.   I was thinking the opening sewers of Oblivion.   I wish we could hear how other people sound to themselves.   Wait, there are people who don't love Apple? I don't believe you.   "Forks are for eating. Tridents are for ruling the seven seas." Boom. Trident superiority.   I added the "karma" to the front of it.   Grew up in a dressage family. This is the truest statement ever. It's all smiles and happiness at the shows every weekend, but then brutal backstabbing outside of that. My mom is a competition judge and used to be on the board of the dressage association here. She would come home with horror stories from board meetings.   Can someone explain what's happening?   I could watch this for minutes.   It looks more like lumbar hyper-lordosis. Chiropractor could fix that up in a jiffy. And by jiffy I mean about 8 weeks.   Well, we're still friends, so probably not a bad life.   My high school bf was from Scotland. He'd lost his accent when around his American friends, but whenever his family was together I couldn't understand anything being said. I constantly had to have him translate for me.   Now do Pokemon.   How did you even bring it up with him that you wanted to do that? I'm always afraid that guys get super freaked out by the more extreme fantasies like this.   Do you and /u/TAC_ work at the same place?   Strawberries are about 4 calories a piece. So... 50 strawberries.   Today's my birthday. I'm 26. This literally happened the day I was born. Every year I see it somewhere in the media. Last year was the worst because it was the 25th anniversary.  Makes me sad (the history, not the fact that it's on my birthday.)   Getting hit by insects taught me to wear my jacket when I was a new rider. Had a huge bug hit me in the arm, and I instinctively yanked my hand up and nearly wrecked.  Couldn't imagine getting hit in the face with a bird.   Thank you! You're a good person.   Am I the only person who didn't get it?   Only bots say "SMS" instead of "text".   He has one more close parenthesis than open.   ...the fuck?   My best friend and I have shared many moments of hating on fat people. You may have seen some of our snapchat antics over in FPH. Recently it seems his fat hate is softening.  We were at the grocery store last week and saw that issue of People Magazine with queen whale on the cover. It was next to the "Best Bodies Issue" of some other tabloid. I pointed out how I found that extremely funny, and friend asks "why do you hate her so much?" I gave the schpeel about HAES and the FA movement, things he knows about already. He replied with a sentence so wrapped in fat logic I almost walked out of the store and left him there. He said "But it's not affecting you, why do you care?" I about lost it. I can't believe it.  Have you guys had any shitlord friends get soft? What did you do?   And they're so boring. We shouldn't have to settle for rice and beans just because we don't live with other people. I want fancy meals, dammit!   Or walk at a normal pace. Should be fast enough to get away.   I've been living alone for almost 6 months. I've stopped grocery shopping because everything comes in huge quantites. Everything goes bad before I can eat/cook it. And all the recipes I find are for a family of four. My fridge has some condiments, restaurant leftovers, and beer. It's absurd.   You can. Would be easy to set it to remind you when you reach the stop before the one you need.   I have a question about sleep studies. I had one done a while ago. At the time, I was bartending so my normal sleep hours were between 4am and noon. For the sleep study, they made me get there at 8pm and had me in bed to fall to sleep by 9pm. They said I would be woken up around 6am. I also was forced to sleep on my back, because of the wires, but I'm a tummy sleeper. Needless to say, I didn't fall to sleep for hours. The nurse was frustrated. I was miserable. The study didn't tell the doctor anything relevant. I'm wondering, is this common practice for running a sleep study? How accurate can the results be if they are forcing you to sleep outside of your normal sleeping patterns?   Question, because I'm nosy: do you get any flack for it in public?  I've only ever met one person with noticeable Tourettes. He would yell what sounded like "nnit" every now and then. At first there was the confusion as to why this person was yelling randomly, and then the understanding of the reason. Didn't give it any thought after that, but I can imagine that some people would make a fuss or something.   Turning 26 this week. Excuse me while I go to the party store.    That's called fat logic  FTFY   RemindMe! 364 days "Celebrate Knock Knock Awareness Day"   This is pure beauty.   Meat is for the dogs. Real men like bones.   I use the Keurig without putting a K-cup in. That's kind of like a kettle...   Username checks out if you stand too close.    A medley of various Indian animals mating - in domestic and wild conditions...   In biology, mating is the pairing of opposite-sex or hermaphroditic organisms for copulation. In social animals, it also includes the raising of their offspring. Copulation is the union of the sex organs of two sexually reproducing animals for insemination and subsequent internal fertilization. The two individuals may be of opposite sexes or hermaphroditic, as is the case with, for example, snails. For animals, mating methods include random mating, disassortative mating, assortative mating, or a mating pool. In some birds, it includes such behaviours as nest-building and feeding offspring. The human practice of mating domesticated animals and of artificially inseminating them is part of animal husbandry.   In some terrestrial arthropods, including insects representing basal (primitive) phylogenetic clades, the male deposits spermatozoa on the substrate, sometimes stored within a special structure. Courtship involves inducing the female to take up the sperm package into her genital opening without actual copulation. In groups such as dragonflies and many spiders, males extrude sperm into secondary copulatory structures removed from their genital opening, which are then used to inseminate the female (in dragonflies, it is a set of modified sternites on the second abdominal segment; in spiders, it is the male pedipalps). In advanced groups of insects, the male uses its aedeagus, a structure formed from the terminal segments of the abdomen, to deposit sperm directly (though sometimes in a capsule called a "spermatophore") into the female's reproductive tract. Other animals reproduce sexually with external fertilization, including many basal vertebrates. Vertebrates (such as reptiles, some fish, and most birds) reproduce with internal fertilization through cloacal copulation (see also hemipenis), while mammals copulate vaginally.  And then there was a very long list of things like "horses breeding hard" and "dog breeding videos up close" which I can only assume were meant to be keywords and hopefully not insight into the sexual preferences of whomever posted the video.   That means we can draw on him.   Story time!  Once, on the metro, these 4 teenagers were playing some rap songs on a phone, and very loudly rapping all of the lyrics. These were not exactly family-friendly lyrics, and it was after the Cherry Blossom festival, so there were tons of kids on board.  After these teenagers got off the metro, all the adults in the train started talking about it. I've never seen so many complete strangers engaging in one conversation in my life.   You are the worst kind of person.   They all have smartphones now. Or tablets. Or iPod Touch at the very least. Thankfully they're more disciplined than I imagine the high schoolers are, and they don't take them out in class (very often).   I went to try and check Yik Yak once while waiting on my elementary students and was greeted with this lovely message. While annoying, I definitely see why. Fourth graders are brutal. Lets not give them an anonymous, unfiltered voice.   I always saw it as normal variance of human personality. But because of social "standards" it's classified as a problem that needs to be fixed.   1. Mayo and ketchup.  2. On the cob.  3. Socks off. People actually sleep with their socks on?  4. I speed on purpose.  5. 4   Are we still holding to this? What if it never ends?   Bats are my favorite animals. I would totally have one as a pet.   [You need a hairmet](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/22/17/99/22179947a3428710654bf45bc96250c1.jpg)   I always liked the idea of being able to pick out what you want to wear and have it printed at home. New clothes every day!   Now control it wirelessly with a Myo armband.   I finally got my tragus done today. It was way easier than my cartilage and helix piercings. It hasn't hurt at all since the poke: none of that weird heat or soreness or ache. I've pretty much forgotten that it's there. UNTIL I just put my Apple EarPods in, with the speed and force that I typically do. Holy crap, it hurts now.  You guys with piercings that touch your ear buds, what buds do you use? The hard plastic of the Apple ones is not going to fly while this is healing.   Are dishtowels not cool enough?   I'm pretty sure OP rounded up to the nearest thousand.   ... proceed.   I can't decide if that's suppose to be a threat or an offer.   Second top comment. Did we succeed?   I'd swipe right. But don't think for a second that it wouldn't be 100% because of your sweet, sweet karma.   Reddit: destroying happy marriages since 2005.   It wasn't* me   This should be higher up. Could very well be the case.   Redactor* according to autocorrect.  	77
 Yes please   I just need someone to talk to, I'm so fucking lonelyI just need some advice and help :(   I dont know if this is the right subreddit, point me in the right direction if I'm wrong but thanks for the help regardless! I've searched and searched and cannot find it.   Wow, this is actually real in USA? W-w-w-w-whaaattttt... To me it seems like a Harry Potter exhibit but it's a story and exhibit for in denial grown ups..  	4
 BSB 4 Life!   "Have I made a stranger smile today?"   Jigglypuff has skills   Food   World peace   Be my worst enemy    Spoon   For all intensive purposes.....   Feel the fear and do it anyway!      Roast lamb   We just co-exist   Blue   People who are pretentious and full of hot air.    This. 1000x agree with this.   "I've never had a dream come true..."   The Offspring   You should NEVER be ashamed. Backstreet Boys = legendary.    Haha my walls were plastered with Hanson posters when I was a teen....those were the days.    Self-entitled teens   Feeling nostalgic       The prerogative to have a little fun...   Pushing Daisies    Sit in silence and uncomfortably close to a stranger on a park bench, when they inch away you shuffle closer.   Pizza, when trying to feed a group of hungry people.   My biggest regret is that I didn't try hard enough. If only I had set good foundations for studying hard then. Perhaps I wouldn't have wasted so many years not knowing what I wanted to do and concentrated more on figuring out what I wanted to do.    Giraffe. So I can reach stuff without having to get a ladder or ask someone for help.   Forgiving and forgetting.   The Lion King. Mufasa and the circle of life.   Managing acne.         What's for dinner?   "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain" - Vivian Green   Buffy.   Alcohol. I feel like i'm missing out on a whole lot of fun.   Liam Neeson   I read that as nerdy steak...mmm steak   Arteries      The freakin' weekend   Always carry spares - spare undies and supplies.   You need an AMA. Are you quite sensitive yourself? Your in Vic yeah? I'm moving over in a few months, not a whole lot of activity where i'm from - wonder what I'm going to get myself into over there!   Ok you're going to have to tell me some stories now!!   Awesomeness overload.   1) Do they share any stories with you?? Reminds me of Ed  Lorraine Warren.   2) What's the name of the hospital? Sounds like an amazing mystery, I want to do a little digging myself too!       Totoro  	48
 As a 25 y/o person who's just coming to terms with a lot of stuff about myself that I'd just chosen to ignore for the most part until recently...  The disliking straight sex thing is something that totally resonates with me and something I've only recently come to accept. I would probably still describe myself as bi at this point (I definitely still crush hard on and fantasise about people regardless of gender, I think) but this has been a big wake up call for me personally that actually the thought of living a purely hetero life seems incredibly unappealing to me.  I've also found it difficult to accept these feelings because I have a crazy inferiority complex in most things, and am actually pretty terrified of girls despite being one myself. I'm not a tomboy and am feminine in most respects, but I've always seen myself as an outsider to 'girlkind' in general, which I know is ridiculous. The idea of dating or sleeping with a girl terrifies me because I feel like an outsider and find the idea of sticking with dating guys to be more familiar and 'safe' ("I don't know enough about queer culture, what if I get rejected and laughed out as not worthy of being part of the gay community? I'm not pretty enough to date other girls. It's too late for me to start dating girls. No girl would want to be with me when I'm not a 'gold star' lesbian and totally clueless about gay sex.." etc. ).  For so long I just interpreted these feelings of apprehension as "yeah, I guess I don't like girls...not really" and swept it under the rug. I know, I'm super lame :p  Plus, as I mentioned elsewhere, there's all that lady porn I love...    Literally the only porn I look at is of women and always has been. For some reason I kept thinking of ridiculous excuses as to why that might be but...yep, only really admitted it to myself recently that I like the ladies also.   Same, I thought I was going mad before I enlarged it a bit and suddenly it made sense :p Now I can't 'unsee' it   Instantly reminded me of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HTugQFI8Wg    Could someone remind me who does these?   Me too same   Yes. Thank you for that description, that was satisfying. ^Oh ^god ^^what ^^is ^^^wrong ^^^with ^^^^me?   I wonder if these people ever read back over their comments and feel anything approaching "hey maybe I was a bit out of line back there"?   Ahaha...wouldn't you like to know...   WHERE'S MY HAND DRAWN PICTURE D,:   Not a whole lot, I think I probably kept it for a bit before throwing it out. It was just small little snippets of coloured felt  Edit: I know, I'm an ingrate :p   Whaaaat?! I ordered a couple of prints off him about a year ago and I just got bits of string and cut up pieces of felt :(  (Edit) Clarification: I mean I got the string  felt *as well as* the prints I ordered, not instead :)   I wonder if those are the girl's or the guy's parents?   Is this a custom picture? If so that's pretty neato. My friend got a custom portrait made of/for his gf and I am so jeal.   Figuratively? No. Literally? A couple times.   "i hope you die slut"  He does sound nice :3   Beat me to it :p   I mean...it's not so much the not knowing but the confident-yet-completely-wrong assertions that get me...   I'm so glad I bothered to play it. My sides.  Edit: when the music started, Oh God.   I think this one's a parody...I hope this one's a parody... :p   And yet it's still super awkward to explain if someone walks in on you watching it :p   In regards to ASMR, being 'triggered' means basically that it works for you.  As in: "the voice in this video really triggers my ASMR :3".  Basically that it gives you pleasant head tingles (or at least makes you feel pleasantly soothed) :)   So happy for you, I wish you all the support and good things :)   Yeah for real, it's a pretty lousy deal for non-binary people :-(   Yeah I used to think that that would be ok, and the idea of using unisex bathrooms doesn't bother me, as I'm sure it doesn't many peeps. But you also have to remember that folks using those spaces expect there to only be a certain type of people there, and could feel threatened or uncomfortable if those expectations are 'violated'. This raises all kinds of questions for non-binary people and like I say, I'm sure most don't mind but it's always good to be respectful of that.   If it makes you feel better, I think in a 'safe feeling' environment, most people wouldn't  be too bothered if someone of the opposite sex walked in accidentally. Maybe, as a tiny female if I were in a strange place alone and this happened I'd feel a bit scared, but after them realising and leaving, making it very obvious they were there accidentally, I wouldn't give it a second thought.  One time I walked into a men's room and didn't realise until I came out the stall (there were no urinals and I guess I wasn't paying too much attention :p) to see a guy washing his hands. I went into mega apology mode but he seemed more amused by it than offended. I think so long as you are respectful of spaces and situations like that then you can't go far wrong, like I say, most aren't too fussed though :p   No for sure. All the 'good' stuff about working hard and striving to improve yourself bloody well goes without saying. I'm sure nearly everyone, regardless of whether or not they subscribe to TRP would agree with that advice...though TRPers probably see themselves as the inventors of all self-improvement...   Hey now. It can be scary putting yourself out there, especially if you're more introverted. It's great if you don't find those things scary, but many people do, including myself. Pushing yourself firmly yet with self-compassion is a great way to grow and improve your social skills, advice that anyone, including twerps will agree with.   Yeah I was going to say, that stuff is pretty solid advice. It's a shame about the rest of TRP philosophy regarding interpersonal relationships and the whole community being a pit of roiling despair and insecurity but yeah, good general advice for anyone.  Edit: In fact my advice to that kid, to any kid going through the emotional and self-esteem rollercoaster that is puberty, is to just go with that first lot of advice. Forget all the specific TRP drivel and just go out there and make yourself a better person, don't worry about coming back and getting validation from bitter strangers on the internet about it afterwards.   EVEN MICHAEL!   It was my cat's birthday yesterday too! This is exciting :D   You're very welcome to PM me :-) I'm a little busy over the next couple of days but I'd be totally happy to add you on fb   Agreed. TRPers come out with some baffling, hilarious, and even terrifying stuff. But these guys are hurting, worried, and under confident, like we all are at times, and we should bear that in mind. :3   Sad. I just feel sad reading stuff like this. I'd love to see some sort of outreach effort to help these guys climb out of the collective pit of paranoia and bitterness they've fallen into and help them feel confident enough to be able to feel like they're part of humanity again . But then I also want to run a mile from these people so...   I've been home recently and staying with my family. We had a big meal together the other night and I swear they would not stop talking about gay people that entire evening. I'd recently been considering coming out as bi, yet whilst I don't think they exactly dislike LGBT+ people, the way they talk about non-hetero people is just...I never want them to think that way about me... I may well stay in the closet indefinitely, to my family at least... Great comic btw :)   BAGSY 'BIOCUNT' AS MY FLAIR   Haha brilliant! Congrats on the successful surgery. Hope he has a speedy recovery :3   I often see the work of one the researchers at my undergrad uni cited by TRPers. Chiefly studies about how facial preferences can be influenced by female hormones, those kinds of things, mostly. They're usually given as examples of how feeemales are driven by their hormones to jump on strangers' dicks the moment they start ovulating. However, having taken his module and read his (really cool and highly valued) work, that just...isn't a valid interpretation of his findings at all, it's certainly not the conclusion he himself has come to. A lot of his work actually contributes to the large body of studies suggesting that women don't by default go for alpha jocks all the time, that sexual attraction and preferences are multifaceted, nuanced and above all *adaptable, and highly individual*. Pretty much the opposite of the paranoid black and white bullshit TRPers run with.    My Gran once had a cat named Rover.  My stories are boring.   This was so adorable! Congrats to the both of you :)   Dear God, that comment history doe...   Gosh, yeah I imagine it must have been pretty overwhelming and confusing to have her post blow up like that. Especially with all this passionate advice coming from all sides...   Out of interest did you get any response?   So...how did it go? I really hope the radio silence doesn't mean bad news. Just want you to know that either way you did the right thing giving him the operation, many owners wouldn't at that expense :)   Omg that tiny bow :3   I clicked because I thought there was no way they'd allow an entire sub dedicated to horse porn. Why am I so naive? Am I on some sort of register now?    This post came up on my front page and I assumed it was from there, not SCA. /r/PanPorn is my happy place   Me too thanks   Amen :( No matter how great they are...   Yay Teemo! So glad to see some pics of the little guy, any updates on how he's doing, eye-wise?   Isn't there a sub dedicated to different versions of this comic? Any help, guys?   Oh god this made me feel just terrible. I'm tempted to message her. This is just not ok, honestly felt close to tears reading this...   Yes, I think from what I remember, it's because women tend to choose different methods such as pills or wrist slashing. Men tend to choose hanging, shooting themselves, CO poisoning, etc. that have higher rates of effectiveness. Which makes sense; more men are likely to be confident in how to use firearms/cars than women, according to traditional gender roles, and therefore use them as their method of choice.  As a female (lel) I can say that I haven't access to, nor the knowledge of how to kill myself effectively with a gun or through CO poisoning, so I'd probably stick to overdose or bleeding, and I know that these aren't necessarily as effective.  Edit: but seriously, fuck ROK. Using suicide in some sort of point-scoring "hur yeah, men are just the best, even at suicide, SO ALPHA BRO" against female suicides is disgusting. The higher male suicide rate is tragic and heartbreakingly indicative of how much we need to support mens' emotional expression and mental health and this is just such  counterproductive, distasteful bullshit.   That is not how you hold a cat. That is not how you hold a cat at all!   Well that's a cool bot I didn't know existed   Best of luck OP! Please keep us updated :)   Donating, pls don't scam me OP :p  You may want to post this to /r/guineapigs also. A lot of people there would be interested to hear about his injury/recovery, and no doubt donate too :)   Angry? Really?   Yeah, true. You'll have to forgive my lapse, I'm not from there myself :)   I think the one posted by OP is in Saskatchewan, Canada.  I'm sure it's nice and all but they sure don't got the highest number of museums per capita *holds up hand for high five*   Whoah whoah whoah, the Biggar I know (and, dare I say, love) is in Scotland, near Edinburgh, and its motto is "*London's* big, but Biggar's Bigga/er".   I sure hope the two towns can become buddies :3  Edit: There's also another little village called Biggar in England, it seems, but forget that.   The second one probably is my favourite; that sloot should have known that that guy was going to ask her out in the future and therefore not had sex with that other guy. Duh. Or something.     What.   When they talk about always using a condom *specifically from your own stash* like all the ones carried by feeeemales have been pricked with pins or something.  God it must be crippling being this paranoid.   I'd also be happy to Skype as I feel like I'm in a similar situation (moved to a new place with bf and don't really know anyone, definitely need to put in some effort to meet new people but find it hard), we could maybe have group chat or whatever.   Anyway, I came to this thread to suggest something that I read in Susan Cain's book, 'Quiet' that might be helpful: have a rule where you make yourself do something you'd maybe find socially daunting X number of times a week/month/whatever works for you. Once you have done this then don't worry or admonish yourself if you then stay in and excuse yourself from other social events etc.   For example, this evening I'm off out with a few people from work and this will be the first time I've done anything social with them outside of work before, naturally I'm a bit nervous. I'm sure it will probably be enjoyable if anything once I'm there but the point is that doing so will be tiring and a little stressful for me. But once that is done I 'don't have to' do anything social like that for the rest of the week. I can stay home and do my own thing all weekend if I choose and not feel guilty or dwell on how I did or anything. Next week I have to push myself 'out there' another time, and then forget about it, and so on. Hope that makes sense :3  Edit:It's an approach that works for me because while it encourages me to push myself socially, I have a clear point when I can say "and now the 'me time' begins" and just chill   I was going to correct you and say 'fiancee' (because she's female), but I couldn't think of a way to phrase it that wouldn't make me sound like a pedantic dick. So yeah.  But really, I hope you have many happy years of popping together :p  	66
 Wow that is awesome I want one now!   Hi there,   I took adderall and started abusing it right away I was taking almost ten pills a day. It later led on to cocaine and more stuff along the way. I would suggest taking it easy these next couple days, the withdrawls do not last long. Drink lots of water and take a multivitamin. Throw away the rest of your drugs. Get to a meeting when you are feeling better and do not think you are okay after getting through the withdrawal phase this is just the start. Sometimes our brains trick ourselves and say we are better when we really are not. Talk to someone in a meeting, grab a number if you can. You have nothing to be ashamed of millions of people have struggled with addiction. If you want to feel better and happy and leave that guilt and shame behind do what I said. That is what ultimately helped me. I mean if you can get to a detox that would be better but you need recovery support for a while to build a good mental stronghold again. Goodluck my friend. Thanks for reaching out. I have faith you will do the right thing.    It will pass give it time and patience. Stay active in your recovery. Talk about how your feeling.   Great. Just finished a large meal now I am recovering.  	4
 I don't know if you can be happy about little things if the rest of your life is shit. I feel like I had to solve some issues first and care less about others before I was able to enjoy situations like this again.  	1
 You have an impressive collection of reaction gifs!   That is absolutely amazing. I hope things are going better for you.   I didn't see it when I watched the episode the first time, but the second time around I saw Stannis's men in the back running away from the battle even before it began. :(  But can Winterfell accommodate that large an army? 2000+. Damn.   I'm actually not looking forward to the Jorah   Daario road trip.  "So Daario, what you've been up to?"  "Oh the usual... boozing, gambling, and bedding the queen that you love so much."  But I do want to see more of Varys and Tyrion trying to run Mereene!   I'm glad. I'm not very fond of licorice. Can't believe they're individually airbrushed. Your friend is really talented!   Same here! It's a strange feeling. I think it's mainly because he acted with *some* principle prior to these horrendous events. Ramsay has no redeemable characteristics.   Still I'm glad I got to see a bit of everything before the season ended.   Explains the resemblance between white walkers and draugrs!   They're gorgeous! What did the Targaryen cupcake taste like though? Licorice?   Hmm didn't think of it that way. Still she managed to convey a mixture of emotions that Cersei must have felt during the walk.    he did but she doesn't know that  She explicitly asked whether he murdered Renly with blood magic and he said yes. I want to believe Brienne spared Stannis for whatever reason but my hopes have been in vain for this series.   That looks awesome! Do you plan to do make something else before S6 starts? It would be great for the GoT-hungry audience :3   I want to believe, but I find it incredibly difficult to believe Brienne --above all people-- would feel compelled to show mercy to Stannis just because the Boltons defeated him. Her entire character is based on keeping oaths and avenging Renly was on the top of her list...  If nothing else Brienne would give Stannis a clean death. I doubt the Boltons would allow Stannis to have that kind of dignity.   I'm more and more inclined to side with the White Walkers. Most of the characters I care for are gone, so come all, come all, freeze the whole fuckin' world.   Same here. Seriously if she was gonna give someone a suspiciously long kiss why not attempt to murder Jaime? I really liked Ellaria in S4 but in S5 she's so obnoxious just like her daughters. She must've looked cool because of the Oberyn buff.   I'm surprised you had respect for them in general. Of course I had immense respect for Mormont and Aemon (and some for Alliser during the big battle) but most of them were thieves, killers, and rapists that were just there because they had no other choice. They didn't strike me as an honourable sort... Jon had good friends but they're all gone... :(   I never thought I would agree with the statement "kill the boy".   I was feeling bad for her until the "new guy" picked her up and I saw a burning vengeful spirit gleam in her eyes.   But seriously though, I always knew Lena Headey was good but goddamn. She just raised the bar. I hope no one follows her around on the street with a bell and uttering "shame".   Boring Fangorn sequence confirmed   What business does a Targaryen have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly!   Aww she looks so down :( "Why are you doing this to me."  But OP, she is ONE of the cutest cats :D You should have more pride in your Baby 3   "Don't mistake my fluffy goodness as a sign of weakness!"   So pretty... And she looks so happy too!   This is awesome. thank you!   That's one fierce mofo. He reminds me of Rengar!   "Nothing."   Aww. Mine either, but I can't blame them. I wouldn't be fond of clothes if I had perfect fur like them! Only if they could go easy on shedding...   So photogenic! S/he is beautiful.   Awww. Cats seem to be one of the most judgmental species out there but I can't help but keep loving them. My cat looks at me kind of like that when my hand lingers around his whiskers too long.   I don't know why, but her expression is very noir. She would look great with a detective getup.   Awww s/he is gorgeous! Maine coon?   No more frozen chicken for dinner!   They finally gave Anivia a new portrait. SO HAPPY   Whiterun sides with the imperials actually.   Given the main ingredient I can't say I'm surprised.   Futurama reference.   Well I surveyed some odd 200 people and the results show 2/3 of the participants chose the imperials over stormcloaks.   http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/comments/351gpp/poll_the_empire_or_the_stormcloaks_did_you_kill/.compact (sorry on mobile)  It's hard to say which path is particularly rare in playing Skyrim since there are so many choices. Skyrim doesn't have the infamy system either so you have so much freedom!   Agreed, and wasn't he also a teenager? Or was he in his early 20s already? If still in teens we're talking about a teenaged heir to the throne who was chased out of his castle and had to live as a glorified beggar for a number of years... Even when I consider the whole "teenagers in the medieval times = adults" concept I can't help but be sympathetic about his downfall.   "Jorah Mormont, who crawled through a friend zone and came out with Greyscale on the other side."   Whoa this is some cool stuff. I'll try some of these out when I start a new character. I'm a bit partial to being human for now :p  I'm preparing a new mage character and spamming muffle for illusion skill ups is a good tip to know!    I would recommend NOT using mods until you get absolutely tired of the game. I finished vanilla Skyrim first (the main dragonborn / imperial legion / dark brotherhood / thieves guild quests) before buying DLCs and installing mods, meaning I went through 100+ hours before adding tons of more fun. I opted out of the Companion quest because I didn't want to become a werewolf... yet.   "*Haha* That's for damned sure... AWOO AWOO!"   That's awful. It's funny and tragic at the same time how one click can be so devastating. I hope your next run is more fun than the last. You could avoid certain quests for better items and whatnot.   I forget whether she was actually in need of help or one of the bandits... *You picked the wrong place to get lost!*   They remind me of pygmies in Diablo II. Sound like them too! I remember seeing them hypnotized by one of those enchanted water/fire/etc. pillars. They didn't attack; they stood around and talked back to me in gibberish when I E'd them.    Yup, I escaped with Ralof but ended up fighting alongside Hadvar. I had a weird glitch after the Battle of Windhelm where Hadvar wouldn't stop following me with his sword (as a friendly NPC).   Looks so cozy! Humanoids look cool too, but I love how Skyrim can make reptilians and felines look incredible... not to mention charming voices!   General Tullius likes this.   Nixon spotted!   I wanted to see Frozen but I don't think I ever will now that everyone has gone and ruined it for me with the incessant Let it Go and Do you wanna build a snowman bullshit.   Running gag about Conway twitty too. They stopped now but it was so annoying. I wish Seth McFarlane would make better use of his amazing voice talent. I enjoy FG but it could be way better.   Could be the sewer leading to the Black Briar Meadery. It's an optional task and I found it after slaughtering all the mercenaries. ... I'm not a subtle person.   Follow the white dragon   Aww too bad they were a temporary thing. I guess the next best thing would be to print out a label and stick it on Sprite or something.   lol Good one! I was actually expecting him to say "well you did flash your butt to me" or something like that in justification.    I was so looking forward to this. Love the Drogon part in particular, naturally. xD   Ohh I didn't even see that! I do a marathon before a new season begins but it seems I always miss out on something. --Edit: oops, should read more carefully. Earlier this season.   Yeah I keep forgetting that. I just remember how people look down upon him, ridiculing his background and whatnot!   Probably why I find furbies so terrifying!   The part where he drained life/skin from people terrified little me to death... Mummy 2 on the other hand was much more entertaining!  Edit: forgot to say "people".   Joking aside, I thought he just had one made, like asked someone to do it for him. But then again does Ser Davos have subordinates? I'm not too sure myself.   Easily one of my favourite scenes. Another one is when Django picks out his very first outfit.   That would make a great pilot for some show.   I agree. Totally infuriating. The last time it happened I tried to understand (heavily outnumbered... even then it doesn't make sense though) and now it's getting ridiculous. What happened to the totally bad-ass mofos that set the precedent for "Kill the Masters"?   "all around douche canoe" has a nice ring to it.   Delish! Also we found where all the potatoes have gone...   I didn't think he was. He was just a perfectly normal human being. I thought what made Forrest excel in the army was his "stupid" adherence to every instruction given to him, even to a degree that would be too demanding for most people.   Let's get that tax exempt status!   Tearing up here. I too had the incredible luck of having teachers who believed in me and encouraged me to reach beyond what I thought was my limit. Thank you so much for being that person to that young lady. She'll remember you and be grateful for the rest of her life, as will her parents and friends.   I don't think it's petty. I enjoy good vengeance.   But Seriously I don't get these cheaters who beg after being caught. What the hell did they think would happen? Why cheat to begin with? :s   Not only you gave the bitch a creative surprise party you did the right thing by deleting the photo. I hope you met someone who really deserves your affection.   You may get some stares when you go out but it'll be because they're in awe. It's hard to rock this kind of hairstyle but you're doing it. I really like the "zen pineapple" shot.   He came back from King's Landing in one piece. I'm very happy.   I get where you're coming from but I don't think tough love is the way to go about this kind of thing. Especially talking about how there are a lot of people who have more serious issues... it makes the depressed more miserable.   Please talk to me. I don't care what it's about. Pm me if that's more appropriate. Please please talk to me.   *judge   "You so fat you gonna stay all around room!"   It's the World Cup all over again...   That's harsh. How can he not fall in love with me? I stole his heart...   I didn't really like the Thieves Guild myself unfortunately. I liked the one in Oblivion better. I wish I had more quests to get to know other guild members. Like Sapphire. WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR REAL NAME   Awww. Can I see Snickers as well? :3   It's like that dude in Solstheim who wanted to fly. :(   I didn't trust myself so I always saved whenever I had to cross this bridge. I guess the dead don't care about safety but this doesn't bode well for tourists like us!   So enthusiastic! Any story behind the name Doodle?   Toasted toasted toasted my god she is beautiful...   Great Hermes's dreadlocks! This is awesome.   Normally yes. But I'm not a big fan of golden shower myself.   I used to like him and then he turned out to be a cheating bastard with sex kinks... Unfortunate.   "SO DO YOU"   "And we'll paint a happy little lobster right here...    She's adorable! I see so many cute, original names on /r/cats. I thought I gave some more thoughts into naming my first cat.   This is how it starts... Beware the Cat Hoarding Syndrome! ... I jest, of course. The two look so happy together! I just kind of want to squeeze in between the two so I can feel their fluffy goodness 3 Congrats on getting your first cats. May your black clothes be filled with fur.   The German Vulddd   "omg Jon, you can't ask people why they're white walkers."   I love how you two are on the same step, holding up the right foot!   I love when their ears express their feelings. "I disapprove. I disapprove greatly, human!"   His pose is relaxed but his expression seems to say "Son... we need to have a talk. Take a seat right there."   I love that name! Sugar Bear 3 As pretty as s/he looks.   I vote for Tris as well!   That's one Teemo that will NOT ruin your game! -- unless of course, he chases after your cursor on screen.   Hazelnut's anti-aging secret! Dermatologists hate her!  Seriously that's some timeless beauty right there. 3   Congratulations!!! I hope the job treats you well. Best of luck!   Did someone pour Jello into the water?  	103
 How in the fuck do you heat food by having it float around in a hottub?!    I'm looking to incorporate an AHA into my routine. I tried the Alpha Hydrox Glycolic Lotion, but I believe the concentration was too high or something in the lotion broke me out. I formed a lot of tiny white heads in places I never got acne before.   I am looking at the Silk Naturals AHA toner or Paula's Choice 8% AHA. I am leaning towards the Silk Naturals because it is lactic acid, but I don't know if it's too gentle. I have tried a sample version of the AHA and while I do like it, it doesn't make my skin as smooth as the Alpha Hydrox did. However, since the PC Aha gel also has glycolic acid, does that mean it will potentially break me out?    That's true, I just thought the exposure would help. But you're right. I just generally never want to go out.   Well, I saw my psychiatrist a few weeks ago and she advised me to not avoid social situations due to my anxiety, so I generally go out whenever someone asks me to...but it hasn't helped. I'm still really, really nervous all the time. And I get really depressed unless I'm drinking. Sigh. It just annoys me because I feel like most of the professionals I see have no clue what I'm going through.   Do you still go out at all? Or do you just stay in? I feel like I'm obligated to go out with people so I can keep up my circle of friends, but it's so exhausting.   I've been having issues with going out in public and anxiety/depression. Basically I feel physically sick, my stomach hurts and I literally cannot eat at all. This sucks because if I'm out at a restaurant I am always having to tell people oh, I don't feel well, or I ate before, blah blah. And they must think I'm just rude or something.   I've been coping with this by just drinking obnoxious amounts. This is sort of a gamble, because either I drink and have a good time, or I drink and become more depressed and then hate myself, and then it's just not fun for anyone. HOW can I enjoy going out? I don't want to be a shut in.    My current routine is: AM - Rinse face, Cerave in the tub, Neutrogena SPF 30. PM - OCM with mineral oil, cleanse with Cerave Foaming, Stridex red box, Hado labo replenishing lotion, then Cerave PM - sometimes vaseline too if I'm feeling dry.  So I trimmed down my routine because something was breaking me out, now I'm doing alright. I'm also on BC so I think that is helping. I haven't missed a single night in cleansing and I sleep on a new pillow case every night.   I want to know about recommendations for how to improve my skin further. I think I've pretty much controlled my acne, but I'm concerned adding another product in will cause problems. I ordered a sample of the 8% AHA toner from Silk Naturals and patch tested it and I like it, but it's hard to tell if it's doing much for my skin.   I also have a lot of redness from spots. I wear sunscreen every day and it is fading some. I ordered the super serum from Silk Naturals - would this be a good product to buy the full bottle of? I was also looking into the OST C20 serum.   Also, this is sort of unrelated but I have some deep scars on my leg and a few burn scars on my arm. They are white and sort of raised. Is there anything that will lessen their appearance other than going to a derm for treatment? It's sort of embarrassing. Thanks!!   So I have issues with getting things done, and putting tasks off definitely makes me more depressed, yet I can't bring myself to actually do them. I feel this weird euphoria when I PLAN on doing something and then DON'T do it. Then over the next few days I feel horribly guilty, and to get over that I put off more tasks to feel better, and so on and so forth, and I remain pretty depressed.   What can I do to slowly become more organized? I want to train my brain to feel good after completing tasks, but generally the pay off isn't as strong when I complete things like homework or updating my resume or cleaning my house. I also really want to be one of those people who loves to-do lists and can write a manageable to-do list and actually stick to it.   I basically just build up the task so much - i.e. I need to clean my apartment. I know I need to do it, but I think, whatever, it's clean enough, and I put it off. Then it gets worse, and I start feeling guilty, but I tell myself it's fine. It keeps getting worse, and I stubbornly refuse to clean it at this point. I tell myself, "I'm going to do this when I feel like it," and I never do. Then it's so awful the guilt basically consumes me and it takes me practically 5 hours to clean my place and afterwards I despise cleaning so much that I let it get to that state continuously. It's just exhausting, and it is definitely allowing my depression to continue.   Does anyone have any advice? Thank you!!   What happens to me is I keep to my routine for months and then the one time I don't wash my face I wake up and my skin is miraculously clearer. I swear it's because I stress too much about my skin...sigh.   Another thing to think about too is that when you start doing makeup you make mistakes and you experiment and your technique should, theoretically, improve. But if you're surrounded by people who are constantly praising you regardless of how terrible it actually looks, you won't get better. This is one of those times I'm actually thankful I have a family full of blunt assholes who would not hesitate to make fun of my raccoon eyes or my weird, too dark eyebrows or my spider eyelashes.    My ex husband cheated on me after five years. The fact is, you could get cheated on, but that doesn't negate any happiness you had with someone before. I have a new partner and I have a great time with them and enjoy myself. If they end up cheating on me it will hurt obviously but at least I'll be able to say I had fun while it lasted. The cheating doesn't negate the entire relationship.   It was hard to trust in the beginning. I kept thinking, this guy is going to hurt me eventually. Or, statistically he is going to cheat. And eventually I just had so much fun around him that I stopped caring. Enjoy the moment. You dont want to ruin a good thing by thinking about what could happen in the future.   Plus I keep telling my SO if he feels the need to cheat let's just have a threesome lol.    Just want to rave. Had acne on butt, used Stridex pads. Butt acne now gone. It's so wonderful :D   I have two products I use for a BHA, one is the Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion and the other is Stridex in the red box. I find that Stridex is *massively* better than the Rapid Clear. Why would this be when they are both 2% SA?   Like, this is TMI but I broke out weirdly on my butt (never happens to me) so I used stridex, and the next day it was basically entirely gone. What is this voodoo magic? The rapid clear lotion is not that effective. Is it because it's a lotion? Whereas the stridex is just the SA?   Also, I'm switching to the Silk Naturals AHA toner from Glycolic acid as that was too strong. How often should I use it? I have a sample currently and a big bottle is on the way. With the sample I used it sparingly (3x a week).   My routine was pretty solid and I switched to using sunflower oil and neem oil as my OCM. As long as the oils don't break you out it's fine. I haven't noticed much of a difference from when I switched from mineral to sunflower oil, but I did like the results from adding in the mineral oil - my skin was a lot softer and less dry.    This is decent advice, but know that some products will break people out. You could be using a group of products religiously and still breakout. There are so many variables in skincare and we don't know why some people break out and others don't, and it's frustrating when you get told you just aren't following your routine religiously enough.   If you have skin care issues I would check out /r/skincareaddiction and if your acne is severe enough see a derm.    I have tea tree oil diluted in mineral oil. It's 10% TTO. Is it okay to put this all over my face? I have put it on most of my cheeks, chin, and forehead and didn't experience any negative side effects. I want to use something that will prevent acne from forming, and I already use a BHA but I'm still getting acne.   Thanks!   I've been confused about my skin as well. I assume it's KP, and the longer I go without moisturizing the redder and more irritated it looks. Be aware the before picture was after only a few days of not moisturizing. It is bumpy, but not super red. I assume it's just mild KP. At the very least, it's annoying, and keeping my legs exfoliated and moisturized makes them look better!   Yes, I have, and it doesn't burn my skin. However, I have used the AmLactin after shaving as well and it didn't burn, so you could have the same problem.    Wow, didn't even know there was a generic version. Totally going to try this!   Gold Bonds I like based on the texture and the smell. The CeraVe lotion leaves my skin kind of sticky and weird. It works well but if I put clothes on right after I feel gross!   I've heard so many good things about these cloths that I just need to buy some!   RAVE: Just bought the sample pack of the Innisfree Green Tea line. I absolutely love how this stuff smells. The green tea seed serum is awesome. The cream is also excellent. It was worth it just from the smell. I really want to try the green tea sleeping pack but it's all a little expensive for me right now. I went a little nuts and picked at my face (I know...) and these products helped soothe everything.   I also just sampled the AHA toner from Silk Naturals and I'm really loving it! It doesn't cause me to break out and it works really nicely. I will probably order a full bottle and incorporate it into my daily routine.    Cool! I just got a sample bottle of the super serum, and I'm excited to try it. I will keep in mind that it's drying though!   Seriously, what a freakin' nut case!    Lmao a sword? What a twat.    This is the most pathetic and hilarious thing I have ever heard!    This is just kind of a rant. When I look at my skin in my bathroom lighting I'm all excited because it looks nice and feels smooth. I went to send a snap of myself in the living room which has natural lighting and god could you see all of my acne and flaws. I felt gross. How do I deal with the emotional aspect of my skin? I feel like everyone can see even my tiniest flaws.    I do use the BHA first, but I'm glad you explained it because I never knew why! And last night I was like hm...can I use the AHA first? So thanks!   I personally love it. It was the first moisturizer I tried from this subreddit's recommendation. It never broke me out and kept my skin hydrated. However, if I use it on the skin around my eyes it tends to dry them out, so now I apply a bit of Vaseline on top around my eyes and that seems to help a lot.   It does have fatty alcohols in it, which can cause issues with certain people.    Ah I see, a month then...I've been really proud of myself for not squeezing!   I have been massaging my face harder when I cleanse with oil, which is possibly irritating my skin. But I do moisturize thoroughly and use Vaseline at night. I do wait between products, generally 20-30 minutes between the AHA and BHA, so I believe the products have enough time to work. I only use my AHA about 3-4 times a week though, more than that is too much.   I guess I'll just have to be patient! I don't want to end up with scars.    AmLactin smells so awful but it works so nicely!   Yeah! I was lazy with my comment haha. It stands for post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation. You can see more about it in the sidebar too. Sometimes people confuse PIH with PIE (not sure what the E stands for), which have different treatments.    How long does it take the SA to work? I have these types of plugs on my temples that never disappear unless I squeeze them out. I use a 2% SA Lotion every night and BP. I'm also using an AHA. It's been over two weeks and they're still there! It's driving me nuts. You can't really even see them...but I can feel them and it's annoying.    Acne scarring.    Hey everyone! So I have mild KP on my body, most noticeably on my legs and my arms. For those who don't know KP is basically bumps, either white or red, on your skin that don't go away. They are extremely common, I believe 40% of people are affected. It's genetic I believe - my dad has the same skin. You can read more about it [here](http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/keratosis-pilaris/basics/definition/con-20025750).   After doing some research on this condition, I found [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTX542IdCjM) video by Veronica Gorgeois that I found extremely helpful.   I followed her advice and this is my routine:  * Exfoliate the affected area whenever I shower with exfoliating gloves. (Note: According to Veronica, loofah's do not properly exfoliate. I found my gloves at Walgreens and they are very effective. I've been interested in picking up one of [these](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000EZQGU4/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS_ttl?_encoding=UTF8 colid=1U84WIYAMJ69 coliid=I31O0ILSLEBO9S) Salux cloths too).  * Shave the area with mineral oil or coconut oil. If you are acne prone on your body I would advice against coconut oil, but mineral oil should be okay. I find it more moisturizing than shaving cream. (Note: I use a double edge razor and use a fresh blade each time. I get a much smoother shave and less irritation. You can find more info at /r/wicked_edge).  * I keep the area as moisturized as possible. I apply [Vaseline Intensive Repair Lotion, Fragrance Free](http://www.vaseline.us/product/intensive-care/lotions/advanced-repair-fragrance-free-lotion.html) after showering and whenever they feel dry.  * Every other night I use [CeraVe SA Renewing Cream](http://www.cerave.com/our-products/moisturizers/sa-renewing-cream). This helps chemically exfoliate my skin and keeps it really smooth. Admittedly it's expensive at $20 a tub. For a cheaper option I recommend the Gold Bonds Rough and Bumpy lotion or AmLactin.  The downside of all of this is that this routine doesn't permanently fix anything. The KP returns quickly once I stop using lotion. It's a little depressing...but if I want smooth legs I can get there within a day or two.   [Here](http://imgur.com/a/RMRV5) are the pictures of my left calf. Ignore the cut - I'm still learning how to use my DE razor lol. I know the lighting isn't quite the same but I can assure you the spots have definitely reduced in size and my skin is very smooth.    I love all of these. I'm saving the link so when I have a bit more money I can commission a picture of my boyfriend's two cats... He would love it. The star trek one is absolutely adorable. I love the style!    That was my favorite too! I'd have that picture hanging in my house.    This is hilarious!    I'm not exactly sure why... My last therapist did what you said they should do,  never offered advice or prodded me to make any decisions. Idk. I guess you're right that I don't have to like them.    I wasn't asking for advice. I simply discussed a part of my life and they gave me that advice.    I feel like every therapist I've been to is awful. They've each given me awful advice. One therapist suggested that, despite not being happy with my husband (ex-husband now), I should stay with him for stability while in school. She also implied I wouldn't be able to take care of myself financially without him. Another insisted I get on birth control because, "having a baby would make your depression 100x worse." The last therapist I saw was probably the best, but in the end I didn't find it helpful. Under my insurance I pay 30 dollars, which isn't so bad, but I can't afford 30 dollars every week.   How can I find a good therapist? I get recommendations from doctors and from my university but I never like any of them.    On the Silk Naturals website you can select a sample size to order.    I think she has a great body and a great face. She's adorable.    I like it but I'm only patch testing with a sample bottle. You can order a sample bottle before committing to the full one. It's not as strong as glycolic acid but it's 8% lactic acid. It may work for you but everyone's skin is different. I suggest getting samples of it, you can also get samples of the Paulas choice AHA gel.    I was seeing a therapist who worked with me doing CBT, it wasn't an 18 week course but I saw him for around 6 months. I'm not sure how formal it was but he had me complete worksheets on my thoughts. I didn't see any improvement and he started telling me I have the tools to be happy but I'm not putting the effort in. So... I stopped going because I felt like a failure.    So I've been on Zoloft for a few months. My doctor stopped upping my dosage so I'm stuck with only 50mg. Basically I told her there was improvement so she said there was no reason to up the dosage. Is this normal?  Basically the medication has helped the anxiety I have in social situations and has helped with panic, but I still have depression and anxiety symptoms every day. I can get through my day to day responsibilities but I'm not really happy. I'm really sick of it, I've felt this way for around 10 or more years and it's really disappointing.   I've seen around 5 different therapists and they all seemed like a waste of money, so I'm not interested in going into therapy. The only professional I see now is my psychiatrist. Anyway, just needed to rant. I just assumed if I had the motivation to get things done I would be happy, but that isn't the case. I'm just so blah all the time.    Can you order anything online? I've been patch testing the Silk Naturals AHA and I am liking it so far, and it's not as irritating as the Alpha Hydrox.    Is this true? I have had doctors tell me two different stories and I don't know what to think. My last doctor said birth control may increase appetite. It's odd because on the pill I don't gain weight but with depo I did. The doctor that gave me depo said I could possibly gain a ton of weight...    I went through two containers of that stuff. It smells great and the formula isn't greasy. It's not too expensive compared to other products for KP. So far I've used Alpha Hydrox lotion, gold bonds, cerave renewing SA Cream, and am lactin. Gold bonds wins hands down. I like the results from the cerave but it leaves my skin feeling sticky and weird. Totally recommend the gold bonds!   I also recommend using it as little as you can afford to and moisturize with a cheaper body lotion in between. Kind of obvious but keeping the skin moisturized helps with the bumps. I can get away with every other day now, and keeping the areas shaved, moisturized, and exfoliated.   The sad part is after a few days of not using it my legs were red and bumpy again :(    Silk Naturals had an 8% Aha. You can order a small sample size to try from their website.    That must be why I got closex comedones and white heads when using it. Sigh. I have a whole bottle of it left.    I had zero idea. I only know one person who has had a miscarriage and she sends out emails to everyone she knows on the anniversary of the miscarriage. It's weird. I just assumed it was really traumatic.    Free world.   So, were I to experience a miscarriage, there would be no lasting physical effects at all?    It wasn't obviously anything fuck head. I can say lol and it means fuck all.    Good for you, be fucking embarrassed. It's called real life, people swear. Go outside and witness it.    I didn't imply shit with that comment. It was a question. Asking, who would it be untrue for? It's like, oh, you know, getting limbs amputated is a traumatic experience. And then someone says, that's not true. And I would be in awe and say, untrue for who!?  I then said miscarriages are PHYSICALLY traumatic. For everyone. I am not a fucking victim, are you retarded? It's irritating that I'm getting blasted for believing miscarriages are a huge deal, which apparently, they aren't. I haven't had a miscarriage. I haven't gotten an abortion. Excuse me. And I can fucking swear if I god damn please. It's the fucking internet.   That isn't what I said at all honestly. I'm fucking impressed by the level of argument I'm receiving here, but it's bullshit.   Jesus fucking christ. My point is that miscarriages should be considered fucking traumatic. If someone has a miscarriage, they should go to the fucking doctor to make sure that everything is fine. It's physically traumatic on your body. Like, what in the fuck is everyone smoking? If someone has a miscarriage and doesn't know it, which apparently is the case a lot of the time, then so be it. God forbid we take a miscarriage seriously. Fucking hell.   I am irritated, yes. I feel like either I'm not communicating my opinion properly or you guys are interpreting my statement wrong. It's aggravating because it's not face to face contact, and so when someone disagrees you know that they disagree but not why. You can't have an actual argument with someone. Not that I'm even arguing anything...it's ridiculous. I'm shocked people don't experience any kind of physical or emotional trauma from a miscarriage or an abortion, but you can bet if I knew someone who went through it or experienced I would be extremely concerned.    What the hell? Absolutely not. I'm not believing a god damn thing one way or the other.   Like, I'm saying miscarriages must suck and people are like "Fuck you, I'm going to downvote you." Jesus Christ.   I presented zero as fact, thanks. I even asked in my first comment, who would be happy about having a miscarriage? Nothing was fact. Reddit is the only place where people would get offended by daring to suggest people are traumatized by miscarriages and abortions.    All I believe is its a scary experience. Miscarriage or abortion. Idk why I'm being down voted. It sucks and no one wants to go through it.    That sounds rough. I still believe the physical experience of having a miscarriage is traumatic for everyone. You might have been happy it happened but I've heard it's very painful and scary.    Source? That seems very odd.    Same! My boyfriend and I argue and then I usually start laughing. We've had a few major fights but nothing serious. I think if you find the right person you don't want to argue, you just want to have a good time!   Lol untrue for who?    Just a warning, Alpha Hydrox products are quite strong. The lotion has 10% gylcolic acid whereas St. Ives and Silk Naturals uses lactic acid at I believe 8%.    Did the head and shoulders have salicylic acid in it? That could explain why it worked well for your skin.    I guess? People don't go around stealing toilet paper in public bathrooms. I guess you haven't been in a situation where you got your period and had zero tampons and pads.    Okay but toilet paper is free in a public bathroom. So there should be some free tampons and stuff in case of emergencies.    I hate the disposable soft cups. Idk if I put it in wrong or what but randomly throughout the day it like flipped in its side and out gushed a bunch of period juice. I've used a diva cup with zero problems though so idk.    I've dealt with anxiety for most of my life, including panic attacks. Exercise helps immensely with anxiety, especially cardio. I also really like yoga because stretching seems to help. Meditation is extremely effective for anxiety and stress, even if you don't know what you're doing. Absolute beginners who meditate 20 minutes a day experienced improvements in anxiety!  Also, I tend to experience a lot of anxiety right before and during my period. Try to reduce any stress in your life. Chat with a friend about your anxiety - I'm sure they've experienced something similar. You don't need to deal with anxiety alone.   The good news is, panic attacks don't present you with any immediate danger. Basically your body is prepping you for a flight or fight response. You might feel like you can't breathe, your heart might race, and you might feel hot/flushed, but those are temporary physical symptoms. If I have a panic attack I remind myself that it's temporary.    I've tried gold bonds as well, the smell is loads better and it's cheaper. The Cerave was about 20 bucks and gold bonds was 13ish for me. It worked nicely but I find the cerave more effective.    There was one study that showed women who get raped have higher incidents of pregnancy during that year, which has absolute zero to do with arousal.   Edit: Not to mention, here is the abstract from your cited article (I wasn't able to find the full text) - "The review examines whether unsolicited or non-consensual sexual stimulation of either females or males can lead to unwanted sexual arousal or even to orgasm. The conclusion is that such scenarios can occur and that the induction of arousal and orgasm does not indicate that the subjects consented to the stimulation. A perpetrator’s defence simply built upon the fact that evidence of genital arousal or orgasm proves consent has no intrinsic validity and should be disregarded."   Rave: CeraVe Renewing SA Cream. I didn't think it was that amazing until I stopped moisturizing my legs for a few days and my KP was back and I had little red bumps all over my legs. One day after applying this product and my legs look loads better. I'm so impressed!    I'll just use a makeup wipe and put on my cerave in the tub and then vaseline.    No, I only recently started the birth control (as in a week ago) and I have been having breakouts for a few months. I haven't been on it long enough to tell if it has improved or worsened my acne.   I'm looking at stress or some product I was using. I'll keep an eye on the BC though.    I was referring more to the time investment of hating fat people. It sounds like a chore to be filled with rage any time you see someone overweight. But, ya'll want to justify being pricks go right ahead.    Hey everyone. I need some help figuring out where to go with my routine. I had a really elaborate routine and I had thought my skin was improving. The texture was really smooth and my skin felt very hydrated. I patch tested everything by applying a small amount by my neck area/jawline, and I had no adverse reactions to any products.   However, I was getting acne in places I never did before. I had a bad breakout on my neck, jawline, and the area around my mouth. I originally suspected my Alpha Hydrox Lotion, which has 10% glycolic acid. I cut that out for a week and was still getting new blemishes, and eventually I got frustrated because my skin was looking worse than before I started a routine.   So, now I have a TON of products and I want to figure out what makes me breakout and what will help my skin. How do I do this? I believe I should introduce one product and use it for at least a few days. Should I increase this time to a week? Or two weeks?   My uncomplicated routine currently is rinsing my face in the morning and applying sunscreen. At night I remove any makeup with makeup remover or mineral oil, and then cleanse with Cerave foaming cleanser and moisturize with Cerave in the tub. I've been using my Burts Blemish Stick on any acne because I've used that since high school and have found it works pretty well.   So should I wait until my current breakouts subside to start introducing products? How big of an area should I patch test? I was considering doing the entire side of one face because I patch tested before but I never had a bad reaction. Also, how long should I be patch testing these products?  I'm sorry this is so long! I'm also experiencing some stress and I started a new birth control pill (which will hopefully help with breakouts). I just spent a fair amount of money on these products and did quite a lot of research, so I'd prefer to keep as many of them as I can.   Thank you guys!   I know :(   If you want to see tits there are better places to do so.    It's a circlejerk that when a girl posts a picture of her makeup on MUA she always manages to get a bunch of cleavage in the shot.   It is really awful. It's pretty pathetic how much time and effort they put into hating people who are fat. Like, do you have nothing more constructive to do?   	83
 Thanks so much for sharing this   19820      What was the name of Kelso's squad leader in Vietnam?   R/scrubs   Fuck all the people being dicks, if you don't like it, move on. I like it.    Fuck IB   It's just a rare occurrence, not a glitch or anything.    My 60 y.o. mom just got an iPad and started playing clash of clans. It's the first video game she's ever played. She loves building the village, but doesn't like the attacking, and just wants to build. Are there any games like clash that have the building, but not the fighting, on the app store?   How do you auto fill?      Thanks for linking those gifs   Thanks a lot! I just got a gronk catch collectable, and I see it's selling for a few hundred thousand on the AH, should I sell it or keep it for my set?   Alright, I'll do that. Thanks!   There's nothing special on my team, it's all bronze and silver players :/ I'd post pics but there's not much to show   I just got about 1 m coins, which is 10 times anything I've had before. What is the best thing to buy to get a great team?   Patriots: NFL 2k5   This just it: Brady showed up to Superbowl practice three weeks ago.   For the short term, all food places are continuously cycling through employees. start putting your applications out everywhere. Not sure about long-term though.    The guy putting on his jacket and leaving in the background during a closeup...   It's just the default, I have a moto x. I think it's the default at least, I haven't changed anything that I know of   Right on! Very very cool :)    To start with the story, I told my parents that I wanted NFL gear for the patriots, like a jersey or something. Sick bastards got me a broncos hat and a dolphins coffee mug. Only bayonetta or AW could possibly save christmas, haha :)   Also, regardless of who gets them, I just wanted to say thank you for doing this. You never know what someone's Christmas was like, or how they're feeling right now, but I promise that just making this post made some people feel better. I'm sure all of us truly thank you for that.        Family is downstairs and I'm too scared to go visit, I always have a fight and I don't want to ruin Christmas.    I don't know why, it just overwhelmed me. They don't even try to imply he's bipolar, it was just how many parallels I saw between myself and him, before he was 'fixed.' I couldn't even finish the fucking movie. How do you guys get through that kind of stuff? I don't even want to imagine hat it would have been like if I was with someone.   Absolutely should be   I can't seem to find acceptance. Thank you 3   Thanks a bunch, I appreciate it.    I don't own the game, do you have a video link?   Springfield Missouri? Borders was right next to olive garden         I had those kind of stats appear for my crossbow and uav after I used it the first time. Never knew how it happened.   Boom   Ah, I just looked it up. Are you able to earn enough platinum to get the rhino just by collecting platinum in-game? I hate micro transactions :/   It was freaky for sure, I just filed a report with the cops. I play mostly Xbox, skyrim, cod, halo, etc. What is a rhino, Excalibur, etc?   Sorry, I was actually just in the middle of replying when someone tried to break into my house! Scary stuff, luckily they ran off. Shook me up a bit though!   Anyway, I'm jealous, I can never get myself to work out. What games do you play?   Do you play video games? Like sports or anything?   What are you doing today?   The in-game zombies is terrible, but the dlc Zombies is unbelievably good.  	41
 I stopped seeing a psychiatrist because of my mother not taking me. A talk would honestly be great...   May I just say, you *can not* hurt people the way you are. I don't condone it, and never will condone mistreatment of others. I think you need to get a hold on this problem of your's, which may be hard. Play violent video games, date someone who is a masochist, I don't know. Anything other than what you are doing.   Long and heart wrenching story short, my bestfriend, who was my boyfriend for a very long time up until he tried to kill himself a month ago and came back saying he wanted a break because he might be gay. Well, today, walking to lunch, I saw him holding this girl M's hand... I don't know what came over me, but I screamed "I can't! No!" and ran into the bathroom, where coincidentally my best friend Chloe had been. I started screaming and crying and, apparently, I said "I just want to die" a few times. M, who has actually been making mine and his life a living hell for months, came in and started yelling at me, saying "What the fuck is wrong? Is it because w were holding hands? He's gay, get over it!" and I just died inside at that point, because, if he really is gay, I'm losing everything I had at one point, indefinitely. I guess I kept asking her to stop but she wouldn't so Chloe made her leave, and while Chloe was gone, I threw up all over myself while I cried. A counselor came in and took me to the office where my favorite teacher (guy. funny. suffers from anxiety and depression) let me just vent, since he knows everything I have gone through with bestfriend/boyfriend person. I had to write an incident report because of what Madison did and shit. I got calmed down and when I finally started walking back to class, I saw M with bestfriend/boyfriend's beanie... I died a little and went to class with tears in my eyes, as always. After that class ended, I went to bestfriend/boyfriend- let's start calling him J- and said "I don't think you mean to, but you're breaking my heart." and he just looked at me and said he was sorry, and explained him and M have nothing going on at all, and he just held her hand for a moment to calm her down. I explained how awful it is, since I used to mean everything to him and now I feel like I mean nothing at all to him. He said, and I quote "I never meant to push anyone out, especially not you. You still mean a lot to me. Like, a lot, I just..." I then said "Do we have a chance anymore, J?" to which he responded to by shrugging and saying "I don't know." and then he gave me a hug and I whispered "I'm sorry" into his neck and he just gave me the saddest look I've ever seen and went into art  textiles... I know he really doesn't know. He's not saying it because he doesn't have the guts to say no. He's just extremely fucking confused with everything at the moment. This is the first time since he got back that I've actually expressed that this is effecting me negatively, and I didn't even really express it to him. Two of our friends are going to talk to him about this tomorrow, because they are both quite pissed about the way he's handling this, especially after today... I miss what I had, and I don't know why I feel so broken. I really just want to die, to be honest. It would feel a lot better than this... I'm cutting again, I've stopped taking my meds... I just... I've been suffering in silence for a month. Today, I broke that silence, but in the wrong way, and to the wrong person... Sorry for that wall of text.   You might be a sadist by nature, which isn't necessarily "bad". However, if you are *really* hurting others, it's not good.   Long and heart wrenching story short, my bestfriend, who was my boyfriend for a very long time up until he tried to kill himself a month ago and came back saying he wanted a break because he might be gay. Well, today, walking to lunch, I saw him holding this girl M's hand... I don't know what came over me, but I screamed "I can't! No!" and ran into the bathroom, where coincidentally my best friend Chloe had been. I started screaming and crying and, apparently, I said "I just want to die" a few times. M, who has actually been making mine and his life a living hell for months, came in and started yelling at me, saying "What the fuck is wrong? Is it because w were holding hands? He's gay, get over it!" and I just died inside at that point, because, if he really is gay, I'm losing everything I had at one point, indefinitely. I guess I kept asking her to stop but she wouldn't so Chloe made her leave, and while Chloe was gone, I threw up all over myself while I cried. A counselor came in and took me to the office where my favorite teacher (guy. funny. suffers from anxiety and depression) let me just vent, since he knows everything I have gone through with bestfriend/boyfriend person. I had to write an incident report because of what Madison did and shit. I got calmed down and when I finally started walking back to class, I saw M with bestfriend/boyfriend's beanie... I died a little and went to class with tears in my eyes, as always.   After that class ended, I went to bestfriend/boyfriend- let's start calling him J- and said "I don't think you mean to, but you're breaking my heart." and he just looked at me and said he was sorry, and explained him and M have *nothing* going on at all, and he just held her hand for a moment to calm her down. I explained how awful it is, since I used to mean everything to him and now I feel like I mean nothing at all to him. He said, and I quote "I never meant to push anyone out, especially not *you*. You still mean a lot to me. Like, a lot, I just..." I then said "Do we have a chance anymore, J?" to which he responded to by shrugging and saying "I don't know." and then he gave me a hug and I whispered "I'm sorry" into his neck and he just gave me the saddest look I've ever seen and went into art  textiles...  I know he really doesn't know. He's not saying it because he doesn't have the guts to say no. He's just extremely fucking confused with everything at the moment. This is the first time since he got back that I've actually expressed that this is effecting me negatively, and I didn't even *really* express it to him. Two of our friends are going to talk to him about this tomorrow, because they are both quite pissed about the way he's handling this, especially after today...  I miss what I had, and I don't know why I feel so broken. I really just want to die, to be honest. It would feel a lot better than this... I'm cutting again, I've stopped taking my meds... I just... I've been suffering in silence for a month. Today, I broke that silence, but in the wrong way, and to the wrong person...   Sorry for that wall of text.    My experience has been me just being overly sexual. Every little thing was sexual in my mind, and I could literally have sex with just about anybody as like as they were at least somewhat aesthetically pleasing. I only slept with 3 people though (a lot for a teenage girlI still have this problem but i have it under control at this point.   	6
 need a laptop for university, as well as some work related stuff. mostly going to be used for word processing, some video/picture editing, zero gaming. Ideally the laptop would have an ssd, or at least a hybrid. I am willing to pay extra for a great keyboard/trackpad and a great screen. I really want this laptop to last 4-5 years. willing to up my budget if need be. thank you         Between work and university I use my laptop a lot, and it can be quite bothersome to carry something heavy. I am looking for something lightweight, with around a 13 or 14 inch screen, solid battery life, and powerful enough components to run games. i dont game so much, but id like to be able to run skyrim, arkham games, ect, and have them looking fairly ok. thanks!   hi,  one of the classes I am currently enrolled on has alternate lecture that is at a more convenient time. this other section however, has a wait list. can I join the wait list for this other lecture, without losing my spot in my original one?  thanks   Shia Labeouf   For you   Jagers  	8
 Thank you! And she seems to ALWAYS WEAR IT lately.  That outfit with that wig seems to show up at every damn show she does.   My MIL is essentially our nanny. She comes over and watches our son all day. My husband works from home but it's not the kind of job he can do while taking care of a baby and she was a housewife while my husband and BIL were growing up. My son also spends the night at my in laws' every Friday. I see my mom every other week or so, since she works full time and lives 30 minutes away.  I should note my MIL offered to do this and loves doing it.  For the first few weeks I was super uncomfortable, thinking we were inconveniencing it.     I see myself as doing a whole30, just even more restrictive by avoiding any carbs.  meat and leafy vegetables... wooo!    I have a slight nagging voice in the back of my head saying "I want food"   Unusual to have this on keto. High satiety means physiologically you are more likely to feel full and not crave food. Possibly this is a withdrawal symptom. Possible the 'I need food' is more like 'I want carbs?' Many people have carb cravings (even dreams) as their addiction fades.  I had the same thing the first month I was on keto.  I've given up diet drinks this week and all of a sudden I'm so full and never want to eat.  I'd suggest ditching the artificial sweeteners as they can prompt an insulin response.  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2887500   I like them, and they don't mess with my cravings as bad as diet coke does.  I can drink one zevia and be ok, where as with diet coke I have to keep drinking them   Seconded.  Life is so much less miserable without a gallbladder full of stones.  My surgery was outpatient and I literally went from the hospital to Panera (to stuff myself on bagels, sadly) before going home.  Gallbladder attacks were the worst pain I've felt in my life, including giving birth.    Yeah we noticed the same thing!    Had a son and got a job paying $15k more than I was making before.  On track to save about $30k/year and will be taking a vacation with my husband for the first time since we got married.   I have the same fear.  I haven't done any keto faux-desserts since starting because i'm pretty sure that has derailed me in the past.  Same with low carb tortillas and other franken-foods.  But diet soda was my jam, I could drink up to 10 a day.  Now it's tea with a slice of lemon, black coffee, or water.  Then again, I'm not even done with day 1 yet, but hopefully i can stick with this restriction   Are you doing keto for weight loss?  If so, did you lose better after giving them up?   Woohoo! Does it make any difference that you can tell?  Do you lose more weight off them?   Anyone else doing keto with no artificial sweeteners?  I did keto (at 1600 calories) for a month and saw 2 lbs change.  Now I'm cutting out artificial sweeteners to see if that makes a difference (since some scientists think it could prompt an insulin response in some people).  It's a lot harder than I thought!  Even some flavored coffee beans are flavored with sugar free syrups after roasting (called my company's coffee service to confirm).     They also own some land that has a cell phone tower on it, and I think own rental properties to earn income.   God  yes, especially getting healthy and fit.  I wish I would have done that before getting pregnant, now I'm fat and exhausted :)  Working on it now, though.  Thankfully my baby will start moving soon so I'll have to chase him around a lot (he's going to be a runner, I just know it).     You'd be surprised what some people will do with things they consider "natural".     I don't get to use the big tubs anymore due to an allergy, so we're on the Alimentum.  I'm stuck with the cans, which always peel off in one go.  Getting the tab to unstick to the cover is a bitch, though.   You do have to be extremely careful with things like essential oils.  They can be dangerous if used improperly.   Unless it's a required field on the application form...   This is why I really love my gym. They actually limit membership so it's never packed.  And most of the people in the gym do cardio so the weight section is mine... ALL MINE.     Got off to a bad start and my mental health couldn't take it.  I was diagnosed with chorio during labor and the procedure is that the baby stays in NICU for 48 hours getting antibiotics to make sure he didn't develop an infection too.  When my water broke I had been awake for about 20 hours already (it was 1am) so by the time my son was born, I had been awake for about 40 hours.  I just crashed and told the nurses to formula feed.    After finally getting him home after 4 days, I tried to pump but my mental stability wasn't back yet and having to pump every 2 hours, plus a frustrated baby who was used to getting the formula amount and was getting my measly drops... I just decided fuck it, he'll be fine with formula.    I also need psychiatric meds to manage my anxiety, which I would have preferred to stay on.  I don't regret it at all.   I'm in the same boat. And it's hard. But we gotta keep going :)   Cute! Mine ends up with his forehead laying on his hands, nose into the mattress. No matter what I do he ends up like that. I don't sleep well due to worry   I'm afraid I may have ventured into the mom Jean category.  After giving birth something happened to my stomach and now it's like... A curtain. I can't wear anything remotely low waisted bc it'll hang over. I try to keep my shirt down over my waistband. And I try to keep to darker washes and skinny jeans.    The restaurant I worked at had last call and closed kitchen 15 minutes before close.  Loved working there.  If a party stayed 30 minutes past close time and was finished eating, the manager kindly asked them to leave so we could get home safely.     Lumping WELS, LCMS, and ELCA Lutherans together?     Yeah the only reason I'm doing this is because it's basically doctor prescribed (if they could prescribe a diet).  Basically, it's going to be so slow bc of the PCOS and insulin resistance, but it'll at least work if I make it a lifestyle change for basically the rest of my life, which doesn't bother me too much.   I hit my one month keto mark earlier this week and am down a whopping 3 lbs.  I've basically been stalled for 3 weeks and have tried giving up different things, adding more fat, everything.  It's hard.  I know I'll have to stick with it til I lose the weight because I have PCOS and insulin resistance, but it's really frustrating.  These past 2 days I've been so close to just cheating because I'd probably just gain the 3lbs of water weight back.  Last week I ate a little too much PB that took me to 35g of carbs, I was still registering as in ketosis, but I woke up the next morning to a 4 lb weight gain.    This diet can be so effortless for some bc the weight just slips off but for some of us it's as hard as restricting other things on other diets and seeing crap results.  At least the cravings are gone.   If you are insulin resistant, you shouldn't eat more than 100g carbs per day.    Yeah I think it's good for the insulin resistant such as myself.   I wish I could eat intuitively, but I have a literal sugar addiction, to the point of insulin resistance. I just can't eat any sugar or carbs. If I eat a sweet potato I crave cupcakes and fries until I either give in or make myself go to bed. It's ridiculous.    Depends on what you want to do. Professor? Major in math, no minors required. Going into computer science? Minor in comp sci. Same with finance. If you want to be an actuary, get started with the tests while still in college and get an internship.   A math degree looks good on a resume, the first job I got out of college was bc I had a math degree (and no experience). Now I'm a Business Analyst and really enjoy what I'm doing, but I feel like I limited my options by not having a minor.    We leave ours in the nursery, but my pastors have said that bringing him into service would be fine ("joyful noise of children"). Unfortunately before I had Rhys I got easily distracted by noisy kids in service so I'm less likely to do so unless there are special circumstances. When he was a newborn we would take him in his car seat bc he would sleep the whole time. Now we leave him at the nursery and will do so until he's 3 (when the nursery won't take him anymore)   I restarted keto 4 weeks ago and have just been doing my thing, but was stalled for the last 13 days. Last night the exhaustion was getting to me so I talked to some ppl who suggested looking at my electrolytes. Found out my potassium has been incredibly low, and so I drank lite salt in powerade last night. Woke up this morning to a 3 lb loss. Obviously water, but still a loss.    Also, bad diet *can* lead to gallstones.  I've had them and I had a bad diet for the 5 years beforehand.  Not always, but sometimes.  I wouldn't wish that pain on anyone either.  Worse than childbirth, and I've been through both.   There is NO WAY she is a size 22, even a vanity size 22.  I've been a vanity size 18/20 and was not within 2 sizes of her unless it's exponential from 20 to 22.  Girlfriend is at least a 26.   Sudden unexpected lady hands were an unattractive thing when I was dating.    My ex didn't figure out dropping the "e" when adding "-ing" until he was well in his 20's. Seeing him text things like "makeing" was infuriating me and he would get so angry at me for correcting him.    I'm so glad they make shoes that don't look like duck feet with holes.  I have some croc flats for work and they're the most comfortable shoes I own.   [Smiling on a walk](http://i.imgur.com/sdQQNVo.jpg)  [Good looking baby](http://i.imgur.com/PZ9V6dV.jpg)  [Drool monster](http://i.imgur.com/k7G38zd.jpg)   7 months old, cries when hungry, sometimes when tired.   A couple times has cried from teething pains (still no teeth yet ) but otherwise he only cries when he wants something to eat.   I'm starting all over today.  The last half of 2013 I was into SL and was doing it consistently.  Then at Christmas I fell off the wagon and in March 2014 I found out I was pregnant.  Now my son is 7 months old and I need to finally lose all this extra weight.  I'm doing keto per my endocrinologist's suggestion.  My weak point has always been squats and I plan on starting with body weight or goblet squats until I'm happy enough with my form to move on to barbell.  Does this sound reasonable?  I want to get back into SS or SL because it's the only exercise I've ever done that I truly enjoy and see consistent results from.  Any tips on getting my squats back?  If I'm not working out my ankles seem to lock up and don't have much mobility to them so I was planning on doing severe incline walking to warm up.    Just lay on all the advice you can give me.   Personally I don't find myself migrating to talk to the really attractive women in the workplace or in a group of friends just because I'm aware of how easily I can be elbowed out of a conversation by other attractive women or men.  I have an average face but am overweight, so I'm frequently overlooked most places and I've experienced the elbowing out before many times.   I agree with everything, I just wish the reddit app I use would show spoiler tags on posts.  I click on everything in /r/rpdr on my home page and sometimes I read things I didn't want to.     My son is 7 months old. We have already set forth the rule that he will never watch caillou   Raja, amazing drag queen from RuPaul's Drag Race and makeup artist from ANTM (and for Iggy Azalea on tour)   Leaps and Bounds or Exhilarama?   FUUUUCKKKK NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO   Psh as long as Daniel V was in top 3 I was happy   I was giggling like a school girl when she said that!  I live for PR season 2.   Personally, all the low carb substitutions for carb laden products (like ice cream, tortillas, candy, etc...) are what made me fail so many times. Test the effects on weight loss and blood ketones. I always registered as trace ketones on the ketostix, low on the blood ketone monitor when I ate that stuff. I'm doing it with no subs now and I'm losing a lot more quickly.  They must have elicited a slight insulin response in me.  I loved the subs because as a carb addict I could still have things similar to my favorite things.   Just be careful!    Her hands look so tiny   I'm pretty sure I have a legit carb addiction, because of the grumpiness, headaches, and other symptoms I've experienced. The digestive tract has a ton of neurotransmitters and it's been shown that sugar causes a release in those feel good hormones in your brain (like serotonin and dopamine).  If you continue on it'll get better.   I've always been told that trying to lose weight while nursing will end up killing your milk supply.    As long as it's fully hydrogenated it should be ok.  If it's partially hydrogenated then there may be trans fats which aren't great.   Gifts of service. If my husband does something that helps me out without having to ask, I am swooning. And quality time. Even if it's just sitting on the couch watching trash tv with me, I really cherish those moments. I'm not very physically affectionate like most ladies I know.    Until Ginger dragged herself across stage trixie was on top. Ru loves a good shtick   Fffffff bye trix.    I need to put mine away. I don't eat anything that could mess with my insulin or blood sugar  yet I still test 3x daily.    I had a teacher that said that about words ending in the letter "i" and the letter "u".  While the words are few, and many have foreign origin, they are still a part of the English language.   Yup, about 2 months ago I had started to fall into the grips of bulimia, because nothing else was working.  It seemed fantastic, I could eat whatever I want then puke it back up, no problem, no calories (only some occasional headaches)! Thankfully I realized how addictive it was and researched all the health problems and stopped myself before I got any further.  It probably would have only taken a few more days before I was falling down the rabbit hole, though.     It looks strangely similar to panic attacks I have had in the past (thankfully) where I can't stop pacing back and forth, can't decide what it is I need to do, all I can do is walk around and try to calm down my mind and splash water on my face.   That's completely understandable.   Trixie.  Just to watch the world burn.   Maybe I don't follow her enough but I see more S7 queens out and about than her.   I've never been a hoverer at all, because I learned young that when pregnant ladies have to pee, they sit their ass on the seat, and when a woman is pregnant her immune system isn't exactly on point.  If pregnant women can survive sitting on a (clean) toilet seat, I can do it too.  Unless you claim germophobia, I cannot fathom why anyone would want to hover.  It's uncomfortable, it makes a mess, and I'm too lazy to do it.   There's a podcast that Jimmy Locke does called "Ask the Low Carb Experts" and there was one about keto druing pregnancy, and if you can feed your little ones ketogenic-ly in their early years (and how to do so).  I recommend finding that episode, it's on iTunes.   Maybe she's a size 22 in Old Navy vanity sizing.    I saw somewhere that she was noted as being 5'5" and a size 22.  I know people are built differently but at my highest I was a size 20 (also 5'5") and weighed 240lbs.  Girlfriend is well into the 300's.   Thank you!  Arms in the air and shaking hips.    Not impressed. Pearl goes for arms in the air, fame is boring as fuck.    I think FPV did the worst   My 6 month old son is extremely easy. He's our first and possibly only, since there's no way we could be so lucky to have another one this easy.    How do you feel about the inclusion of drag kings on RPDR?     True. When I was pregnant I read their lungs aren't strong enough to push away the CO2 and cycle the air properly, especially when in close quarters to something else (like a mattress, blanket, person, toy, etc...).     doot doot doot   Too bad she's already sitting on Josh Groban's   God forbid you're on the phone with someone and their/your mother starts dialing without listening for a ring tone...   A woman I used to work with is both evangelical, anti-vaccination, and all about homeopathy and essential oils.  Her 8 month old daughter also just had open-heart surgery and instead of having everyone vaccinated to protect the immuno-compromised daughter, she just quarantined the family for 6 weeks.   I decided to venture back on a keto-ish diet after having my baby 6 months ago.  I decided to start the same week I started a new job, but that also has me on a new schedule.  I used to sleep in until 7:25am, now I'm up at 5:45am.  I'm grumpy, tired, and all I want is carb-laden foods.     My situation is not typical, but I figured I'd put it out there.  Up front costs are big, as you may have to furnish a new room, as well as get things like a car seat, stroller, etc...  Monthly costs can be expensive, I'd look into Amazon  subscriptions for things like diapers and possibly formula (we use Honest Company subscription for diapers).  If your wife can BF, go for it.  Day care will be the #1 biggest expense by far.  It's like college tuition that you can't take out federal loans for.  We really lucked out, my MIL was a stay at home mom and now that she's an empty nester, she volunteered to watch my son while my husband and I are at work for free.  My husband works from home but wouldn't have the time to entertain   care for the baby and work, so my MIL just comes over every day from 9-5.  If there is anyone in your family who would volunteer to care for the baby for you, TAKE THEM UP ON IT.  We were very hesitant to at first, thinking we would be a burden.  After the first day I went back to work we decided we need someone.  You can get clothes super cheap on ebay or Craigslist.  Don't buy certain things used, like car seats or other safety equipment.     My son is currently on the Similac Alimentum.  Sucks you can't get it generically, but if you are a part of the mom groups on FB you can usually get your hands on plenty of $5 off coupons to help a bit.     Do not jump into buying a house and having kids until you are both at least somewhat happy with where you are.  Unless it's a specialized field, it's not difficult to get a job with a "useless" degree.  You just have to turn your work experience around and maybe work on some skills outside of work to make the most of your resume.  Tell her to apply at other school districts, any district within 30 miles.  I've known teachers who had to commute an hour to get to the district they worked in, because the were offered a job in a grade that they wanted and the school district was good.    See if she'd be open to applying for an administrative position in a school district, too.  It would get her out of having to deal with behavioral problems or angry parents.  I'm coming to you as a mother of a 6 month old.  I am not a stay at home mom, my husband and I both work.  It is EXHAUSTING having to get up and go to work, then come home and take care of a baby when you love your job.  When you hate your job and are unfulfilled, it's 10 times worse.     I'm afraid my son may have to go through something similar.  His name is Rhys, which isn't that common in the US.   What if the sperm containing the X gametes were found to not survive as well after ejaculation than the sperm containing Y gametes?   I spend $80 once a month and she does the whole house, 4 bedrooms + living areas and kitchen (around 6 hours).  It has basically eliminated any resentment I had for my husband for not helping out, and she does all the monthly cleaning tasks I loathe.   From what I've heard, layoffs affect those close to retirement age and contract/temp workers first.  Also, lots of companies nowadays don't do the last in-first out thing anymore, it's the low performers.   we got the easiest baby ever. If she had been fussy or difficult, I don't know what I would have done.  While I didn't consider myself child-free, I am not the most nurturing person ever.  I have a 6 month old son and I often times feel bad because of how easy he is.  We are strongly considering our son to be an only child because of the whole "what if the next one is a nightmare?" thought process.  I'm not strong mentally, I have anxiety and depression issues.  I really really lucked out with my son, too.  I don't know how I would handle a difficult baby.   Every recruiter, HR professional, hiring manager, and CEO/President I've talked to said at the beginning of your career you can afford to job hop and it won't look like you're being flaky or a bad employee.  I just started a new job yesterday, and I've been out of college for 3.5 years.  I've had 3 jobs since then:  1. Contract position as a clerk in the accounting department (7 months) 2. Technical assistant, basic help desk support and applications administration (10 months) 3. Document controller and application administrator (2 years)  Now I just started a job as a Business Systems Analyst, something that took me 4 years to figure out I actually wanted to do.  If she needs to figure out what she wants to do, she may have to hop around a bit, but now is the absolute time to do it.  I only know a small handful of people who stayed at their first few jobs for more than 2 years after college.   I really hope they don't send her away immediately like Kenya and Carmen.     We had one that was ping pong ball sized but mostly pretty small   I'm in Spring and we did.    Because if you get there any later, everyone else in the world will be there and you'll be even angrier after you're done.    For breakfast, make a huge batch of breakfast tacos and freeze them.  For lunches, taking a frozen meal like lean cuisine or something similar is still cheaper than buying lunch out.  For dinner, I agree with everyone else and go to TJ's for frozen meals.   Jobs   See if you can find a mini crib!  Those move around really easily, they're smaller so it won't take up a lot of room in your room, and they use mattresses.  Then when the time comes for him to be in his own nursery, the transition won't be too bad    The rock and play is good up to 25 lbs if you want to still use it, just FYI.  Have you tried using an actual crib on a mattress?  If he sleeps well on a mattress with you, why wouldn't he sleep well in a mattress on his own?  3 months is around the time we transitioned Rhys from a bassinet in our room to a crib in his own room.     Does he scream/cry when you put him down or just babble?  Does he have a mobile or something to look at when he's in bed awake?  If we put our son in his crib when he's sleepy but still awake, he'll look like he's fighting it for about 10 minutes then fall asleep on his own.     If he has type II or pre-diabetes, a ketogenic diet will be most effective and cut down on the sugar cravings (after the initial 2 weeks).     When you cut out any other liquids, did you get significant headaches?  Any time I've cut out diet coke I've gotten the worst headaches that don't go away with any medicine and I eventually go back to drinking it.   Crystal Light Energy always gets me going.   This is mine.  I could devour a whole package just sitting in front of the TV staring into oblivion.  This is why I will only by the gas station 6 packs in case of emergency     Is your username a Selena reference??  Also you're gorgeous!!   Oh my word yes, THIS.  Half of my coworkers are from Beijing and about 2/3 of them have that funk breath that you can smell from a few feet away.  The ones that don't have it brush their teeth and rinse with mouthwash after lunch.   BRINGING SOMEONE BAAAACK   JDF did.    She knows she is too.    Double win, double elim??????   Oh Max honey no....   DID HER NAIL JUST POP OFF?!   NO MAX DONT CRASH AND BURN   I mean... She looks funny...   Please do little Richard and go home.    Electrolysis is truly permanent.  I have PCOS and did LHR and it worked ok, but 2 months after treatment was complete I had to start tweezing again.     Pretty well, actually.  Started out as an Engineering major in college.  Failed out of a state school's Engineering program (after a bout of depression and my father's unexpected death), got into a university in my home town after a semester of community college and majored in Math.  Had no idea what I was going to do with a Math degree with no minor (no finance or CS experience).  Everyone suggested I teach, but I had no desire to teach.   I'm good with computers, and am fairly intelligent and good at interviews, so I went from making $17/hour out of college as data entry (in 2011) to $75k as an application administrator for a big O G company with great advancement prospects.  While I may not be passionate about applications administration, it's not something I completely loathe doing.  I don't mind going to work every day.  I get to travel a couple of times a year to great places for my job, I get great benefits, and I make enough that my family is comfortable (along with my husband's salary).     From my own personal experience, AT T U-verse has been shittier than Comcast ever was.   Those people who think any mainstream music is below them and brag about how obscure their "top played tracks" on Spotify are.   I have the Beco Gemini and love it.  It allows 4 way carrying, and I'm a size 18-20 and it works for me perfectly with plenty of room.  We also used the boba wrap when Rhys was itty bitty and it worked, but he outgrew it pretty quickly.  My husband, who is 350 could use the boba and can use the Beco.  	117
 Don't know, haven't watched it for years now!   No, but that's the point! The wee red card keeps drawing my eye towards it away from the game!   Jesus, that would irritate the shit out of me if I was watching!! I find it so distracting!  EDIT: Re-worded   Does that little red card above the team name stay there for the whole match?   It's the nasheeds that really make these videos for me. For some reason I barely raise a smile when it's just the explosion, but add the nasheed on the end I piss myself laughing!     It's a damn good recording though!   Fuck I had no idea she had natural tits! Fucking incredible.   Reminds me of [this ](http://www.thefootballramble.com/images/blog/webb.gif)classic gif   Anyone know who this is? I have a serious weakness for redheads!      Could well be! It only has French on the information boards, so I couldn't read any of it!   Stephanie Fox   I put her name as the title, it's Milana Yuzhakova. I'd never heard of her before!      Well, that wasn't what I expected! Every time I hear Hazard has scored, I always think it's going to involve a really neat turn or curling shot - I kind of forget that he even does the basics any more!  Although it sounds like there was a part missing from the gif where he did show some real skill, if the comments are anything to go by.   Agreed! She's fucking gorgeous! And those are some huge ta-tas!   Apologies for the poor quality, the light is really low and it's hard to get a decent picture.      And a partial [source](http://www.redtube.com/1048416).  Credit to /u/OneEyedBiclops for that.   /r/HugeDickTinyChick       Dalglish definitely fits the bill. Regularly placed in the top 3 players of all time for both clubs, and often in top spot!   I had a similar revelation not long ago. There's a shop round the corner from me, and one of the guys who works there seemed to be there almost constantly, and I always thought he just worked ridiculous hours.   I held that assumption for a good 6 months, until one day I walked into the shop and I saw the man and his identical twin brother stacking shelves. It was such a revelation, that I let out a very audible 'aaaaaaaaaah'.     Did a quick search for this, as I was pretty sure it would have been posted already, but it doesn't appear that way!       Wizard.  How I wish this word was used more often in every day chat. It's infinitely better than people saying 'cool' all the time!   Liked this line from the BBC Sport text feed:  "All about Hazard though - he could beat a defender inside a phone box."   Cheers mate, I agree that Armstrong and GMS seem to have hit the ground running! Are we playing a good passing style?   I'm a Celt in exile, so I very rarely get to watch any games, and was just wondering how we're doing on the park these days? Are we starting to play some good stuff? Are things improving under Deila? Would be really interested to hear your thoughts.  Cheers!   That is the best titfuck I've ever seen!      OMG I cannot thank you enough!!! Incredible woman!   Stephanie Fox. She did modelling for a bit, all non nude stuff, then kind of disappeared from the scene as far as I'm aware.   Jess Christ this is just my type of woman! Does anyone know her name?   I wouldn't go so far as to say no child. I've always been far more impressed with the blue whale skeleton, even as a boy.   Judging by the comments already posted, I think I might be in the minority, but I can't wait for this to happen. I've always been far more impressed with the blue whale skeleton just because of its sheer size and I think it's going to look absolutely  amazing the way they're doing it! Really looking forward to this :)  I'm also impressed with their reasons for doing so. Dinosaurs are amazing and everything, but they're gone! If this inspires little boys and girls to try and save the animals we have left I'm all for it!   The BBC text description of West Ham's goal is brilliant :)  Oh dear! Crisp packet wrists from Hull keeper Allan McGregor, and it's costly. The Scot can only parry out a dipping strike from Enner Valencia and Andy Carroll lumbers into view to bury the loose change. Must do better.   I often wonder how much coverage stories like this get, outside of the countries that they happen in. This was absolutely massive news at the time here in the UK, and I can personally only think of a few stories that garnered more coverage in my lifetime (death of Princess Di, Maddy McCann disappearance maybe). It makes me think there must be loads of huge events or things that have happened in other places, where people who live there all know about it, but that I'm completely oblivious about.   The title makes it sound like the meteorite was the one doing the filming. :)   Yeah I agree. I think if he thought he couldn't score he would have laid it off. But the confidence to even shoot from what appeared to be a well-covered angle is extremely impressive.   I find this clip a really interesting insight into the mind of someone like Costa (i.e. a prolific striker). Being a more defensive minded player when I play, I would have cut that ball back every time, to whoever was running in, because I'm not very confident at finishing. But Costa just sticks his head down and buries it himself.   Is that another assist from Fabregas?   What a fucking incredible woman. I actually prefer more natural pictures like this to the heavily airbrushed stuff she does on pinupfiles. (I realise this picture could also be airbrushed, but if it is, I don't think it looks as obvious).   I think this is a pretty well known shot, but I searched on this sub and couldn't find it, so thought I'd post it, incase anyone hasn't seen it before. One of my personal favourites.         That was a great video, cheers! Love the girl's hip movements when she was facing towards the camera - really fucking sexy.         Yeah I'll definitely try again when there are actual people sat there! I can't remember what time it was when I took this one. Hadn't thought about trying to dodge the shadows but could give it a go :)  Thanks!   Thanks for the reply. I was looking at the picture again just before you posted, and thought to myself whether I should have made sure the whole bike was in or not, and you've answered my question! I'll get more of the pavement next time. I took it a long time ago, but I think I the top portion is a bit higher, not for the windows, but for the flagpoles. But I can take it again without them in the top and see how it looks.  Thanks :)   Ah fair enough, I can see that now :)  Out of interest, which palace is it?   I've recently purchased my first proper SLR, and one of the things I love to take pictures of is shop and restaurant fronts because I like pictures that are busy, and have lots of little detail and different textures for the eye to look at, and was wondering if anyone could critique this picture?  Personally, I think I've made it too dark, and I should have waited until there were actually people eating outside the restaurants (although I do think the darkness of the restaurants makes the signs stand out a bit more), but can anyone else give me any tips? I'm heading to Paris in about a month, and really want to improve on this style of picture taking before then.      I'm only a hobbyist photographer, so I'm not going to try and give advice on technique! But speaking as someone who just likes looking at photos, I personally found the figure in the right-foreground to be too intrusive. It was the first thing that drew my eye when I opened the picture, but it didn't really lead my eye into the rest of it. And when I was trying to look at the rest of the picture, my eyes were still drawn over to the figure.    Awesome, thank you :)      [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrqC58T64j4)  No idea what it's actually from, I'm afraid.      Haha good spot, I completely misread it!   Akinfenwa is [pretty good](http://i.imgur.com/w7ZuVRp.jpg) it seems.   Can someone please explain to me how people do this? I managed to balance one rock on it's point, but if I so much as breathed, it would fall over. How do people do multiple rocks like this without the whole thing collapsing?      Second that!   [Maria Zarring](https://www.google.co.uk/search?biw=1920bih=979tbm=ischsa=1q=maria+von+zarringbtnG=#tbm=ischq=maria+zarring)   Oh sorry, the A5000 yeah, completely misread that on the site! Thanks for the tips. Although I've literally just noticed it doesn't have a viewfinder, which is a bit of a deal-breaker for me :(  Are there any other decent slrs in the 250ish bracket, or am I going to have to increase my budget?   Hello photography!  Like many of the questions posted already, I'm looking for advice on what camera to buy. I've been using a DSC-R1 for the past year and a half-ish, and it's served me well, but I bought it second hand, and it's started becoming temperamental, so I've decided to go ahead and get a new one, which will allow me to change the lens as well.  I was looking at the Sony A500 which seems to get good reviews, and is within my budget range (don't really want to go above £250). Is this a good camera to start with? And would I be able to put a macro lens on it?  My favourite subjects for pictures are architecture, sculpture, and street photography, if that makes any difference to your answers.  Thanks!   I took [this](http://i.imgur.com/Boirlnt.jpg) picture of it in the mist a while back, that I thought added an air of creepiness to it :)   This is a great picture! Do you have one of the whole thing?      Dan Marino is one of the best quarterbacks to ever play American Football, but he never won the Superbowl, in the same way that Gerrard hasn't won the Premier League (although obviously he has won the Champions League, which could be considered bigger).  I can't really put my finger on why I don't like him to be honest, I just never warmed to him at all. Although one thing that did really annoy me was when he had the brass neck to chastise players in his book for diving, as if he was some paragon of fair play, when he was hardly innocent of it himself. Obviously he was never as bad as Drogba or Ronaldo at their worst, but he still did it.   Well, this news has affected me in a way I never thought possible. Although this sounds completely juvenile and petty (because it is) I've been actively supporting any team that plays Liverpool for years and years, and praying that they don't win the league while Gerrard is there, because I just can't stand the guy, and thought I'd have a right laugh when he retired with no league medals.  But now that it looks like it's actually happening, I find that I'm actually really saddened by it, which I was not expecting at all! He's like the Dan Marino of football!  Best of luck to the guy wherever he goes, he's definitely one of the PL greats.      "One touch, BANG!"  - Michael Owen   http://gyazo.com/e53eb50ee0d55efec4cbb4e710b1f0e5   2 penalties.  Someone could literally sit in the middle of the pitch doing nothing for an entire game, but score 2 penalties. Doesn't mean they had a good game.   That reminds of the time I was playing volleyball, and our coach described something as a 'three way street'. Cue lots of confused faces.   "If I pretend I was drinking my water, they won't think it was my fault."  Never seen anyone look quite so sheepish after a goal!   It's at times like this where I don't understand the opposition to some kind of challenge or review system. The play had been stopped anyway, and it would take seconds to look at this again, and realise where the mistake was. There have been so many shocking decisions lately that could easily be overturned quickly on the field.   The first part of the book is about how to illicit the relaxation response in your body (the opposite of the response to stress) by using methods such as deep breathing or mindful meditation. I started doing meditation, thinking it wouldn't really work for me, but it's been the best thing I've ever taken up, but it has to be consistent to work.  Then it gets you to do an audit of your needs. Are you happy in your work? Do you have enough friends? etc. And then you work on each of these as much as you can. So, if you lack a social circle, joining a class or something like that to get you out meeting people.  Do you have to do a lot of work at home, or does your work finish at 5.30 and then you're done? If so, you've got loads of time to meet other people! Even if it takes you 30 minutes to get home, then an hour to relax and get something to eat, you still have time to do stuff. I think the most important thing is trying to find something you enjoy, so that you'll be more likely to actually do it.   TL:DR; Rangers are in a bit of a mess.            My Rangers supporting mates seem happy with it. The group who bought the shares are all wealthy fans I think, so they'd have the clubs best interests in mind a lot more than the likes of Ashley and co. would,   I remember this picture being posted to /r/pics ages ago, so I tracked it down and posted here as I thought people would like it.  Apparently, this is in Dublin, and the source is an Instagram site called [Dublin Daily](http://instagram.com/dublindaily). The look on his wee face is priceless!      Thanks :)   Can anyone tell me what's happening in this scene exactly? I haven't seen the film, and my distaste of Cameron Diaz means I never will!   Sorry to hear about your difficulties mate, this is something I can certainly relate to. I came back from travelling a few years ago, and since then I've felt really lost in life, and unfortunately I also developed a moderate depression, while all my friends seem to be settled and happy.  [This](http://www.amazon.co.uk/lift-depression-Human-Givens-Approach/dp/1899398414) is a book that I've found really useful to help me get by. Although the main focus of the book is about how to lift depression, it can also be used as a prevention rather than a cure. I'm pointing this book out, because telling yourself things will get better isn't a very proactive approach, and I've found that to be one of the biggest factors in how I feel. If you don't change anything in your life, it's unlikely things will just change of their own accord and get better for you in general. I really hope I'm not coming across as patronising here, I have no idea of your personal circumstances - I'm just going by my own personal experiences.  And when you say you have nobody to guide you out of it, I would seriously recommend some kind of talk therapy with a professional if that's the case. Having some kind of support is so important at times like this. Even having someone you can offload to is a big help.  Anyway, I hope I haven't offended, and apologies if I have. I hope that 2015 does prove to be a better year for you!  Take care :)   Danny Boyle was the one that stood out for me. I know he did the Olympics ceremonies, and has made some great films, but a Knighthood? Seems a bit much!   I couldn't agree more with the statement Patrick Harvie (Green MSP) made regarding Katie Hopkins:   “Katie Hopkins is the lowest product of mindless celeb culture: she simply says the vilest things she can think of to provoke a reaction.”  It's clear as fucking day that she thrives on this kind of attention, and with newspapers and websites like the BBC constantly reporting the stuff she says, it's just enabling her ridiculous behaviour.  No need to get police involved, just ignore the cunt.   That music is so nice! :)   Apologies if this has been posted already, I did a search for it but nothing came up. If it is a repost, just let me know and I'll take this down. Cheers!      In a similar vein, I've always liked the saying:  "Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings."   This is from an Australian TV series called Underbelly, and the woman in the scene is Madeleine West. Fellow Brits might recognise her from her stint in Neighbours.  [Full scene here](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xj0zb1_madeleine-west-underbelly-film-clip_redband). Definitely worth a watch.  EDIT: Re-submitted by mods as I hadn't put an NSFW tag on it the first time. Apologies!      [Mia Zarring](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=maria+zarringbiw=1920bih=979source=lnmstbm=ischsa=Xei=j_WiVIu8HITV7Qb_04HYDgved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ#tbm=ischq=mia+zarring), who I happen to think has the best body in the business. My absolute favourite model :)   And on top of that, it's also the number 1 submission in the all time list (albeit a slightly different version).   Yeah, looked there but there isn't one :( It's ok though, got it fixed :)   Thanks for the replies people, after a bit more searching I found [this](https://github.com/john-peterson/bin-patch/wiki/XInput) which worked :)   Thanks mate, I'll definitely keep this in mind, but I'm going to wait and see if there are any other solutions for the moment. Just watched a vid of how to remove and it seems easy enough, although I don't actually have a screwdriver in this house :(   Hi TechSupport,  I recently purchased an XBox 360 controller for Windows, because there are certain games I play where it's beneficial to have one. One of those games was South Park Stick of Truth, but I'm having a major issue with it.  When you are in a battle in the game, the pad vibrates when you block or do a power attack. But more often than not, my pad gets stuck on vibrate, and eventually turns itself off. It means when I play I need to constantly take out and put back in the controller. In the space of one fight, I end up having to do this about 7-8 times, and it's completely ruining my enjoyment of the game.  The problem is, there is no way to turn off vibration in the in-game settings, and the keyboard and mouse controls are absolutely dreadful.  If anyone could provide a solution for this I'd be very grateful. I've seen this problem on Steam forums, so it's a known issue, but none of the threads I've read seem to provide any answers. I'd be happy to download some free software that would allow me to disable vibration on the pad completely, not just for SP. I don't think it ever adds anything to games anyway.  Any help would be very gratefully received.  Thanks     This is perfect thanks! I was already subbed to cemetery porn but didn't realise there was a whole network of them!   I recently subscribed to /r/pics but quickly unsubscribed, as I felt the content was really poor. What I expected was to see loads of interesting pictures, but so many of the posts are completely mundane pictures that get upvoted just because of some assoicated sob story or manipulative anecdote and it's really not what I'm after!  Can anyone recommend some good subs for pictures that are interesting as they are? I've already subbed to /r/pic, /r/EarthPorn and /r/photography, but would love to hear suggestions for any more.  The kind of things I like looking at are:  Wildlife and Nature  Old buildings and architecure  Old artefacts and objects  Space  Landscapes  Fantasy stuff (LotR type things - pictures or art)   If anyone knows any good ones, that aren't in the categories above, I'll definitely consider them. Please don't link me to any gory stuff though, don't want to see that!  Thanks in advance :)   Sundrawland.   He already independently owns key marketing assets like stadium naming rights  I have no idea about the other assets he has, but apparently he no longer has the stadium naming rights. I think he gave them back at the same time he provided the loan.     I'll do that, cheers. Enjoy the film :D   I thought the exact same thing today. I was buying jeans in Debenhams and the woman at the fitting room was really nice and very patient (it took me multiple trips to find a pair I wanted and that fit) and I made sure i thanked her a lot on the way out but would like to do more. Is an email the best way to do it? I didn't get her name unfortunately, so I'll just need to describe her!   The writer in the Metro today described this as an 'agricultural tackle'. Thought that was a pretty good line.   Fucking hell, I was on Argyle St today, and thought about heading to George Square to see the decorations, but changed my mind. I can't be certain of the exact time, but it couldn't have been far off! And my brother works in one of the buildings on the street the lorry went flying down, but he was inside and he's ok. I've just got off the phone to him, and the stuff he's described is horrific :(  What a horrible, horrible tragedy, and only a year on from the crash at the Clutha :( :(   I keep forgetting just how young Jones is!   Nice ramblings! Thanks for the detail :)  I'm a bit surprised that everyone so far has put Carrick ahead of Blind, I was under the impression Blind was doing really well for you before his injury.  And how is Jones doing? Weren't there were question marks about him?      [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TeQtMvuwR0)      I was about to say how disappointed I was finding out it was a morph until you posted this. She still looks fucking incredible without the shop!   I could stare at that ass for days.   There's /r/sweatermeat and /r/TightShirts which cater to that :) neither are as active as this sub but still worth a look!   I would honestly prefer to look at a picture like this rather than something like a bikini shot. I love the way huge tits stretch out clothes like this.   Yeah shows off her amazing legs!   Source In Comments.   Thanks :D This is one of my all time favourite videos. Watching her get slammed for about 20 minutes straight is incredible.   He seems to be in a lot of Katie Morgan's vids, she obviously likes working with him!   [Randy Spears](http://tour.naughtyamerica.com/pornstar/randy-spears/?nats=4.4.8.8.1169.0.0.0.0)   [Source](http://www.xvideos.com/video1069409/katie_morgan_gets_pounded_-_full_)      [Source](http://www.xvideos.com/video1069409/katie_morgan_gets_pounded_-_full_)  One of my top vids of all time. It take a few minutes to start, but once it does, it's basically Katie Morgan getting slammed for about 20 minutes. A great watch!      Christmas party cancelled.   Ah I see, I seem to have misunderstood the comment. I thought he meant actually winning the World Cup, rather than just playing well.   I've never really understood this line of thinking to be honest - that to be considered the greatest of all time he has to have a World Cup title under his belt. He could have played the game of his life, but still lost the final due to someone else's fuck up. It shouldn't affect his personal status as a player IMO.    Since he's so fucking good at dribbling, people can forget how insanely clinical Messi is.  This is absolutely me! When I think of Messi, I don't think of him as an incredible goalscorer, even though he clearly is. I think the reason you mentioned is definitely a large part of it, but I also think it's because of the way he just kind of gets on with it, and doesn't make a big show of things.  Whereas when I think about Ronaldo, the first thing I think about is how he's an absolute goal machine, and I think a large part of that is because he's so 'box office' for lack of a better term.     As mentioned in another thread, I'm upgrading to Win 7 64 bit, and one of the things I need for it is a bootable USB stick. But can I put other stuff on it as well?  I was going to buy a 64gb stick, make it the bootable USB, but also have some stuff on their that I can't really afford to lose from my current PC.  Is that do-able, or will I need 2 separate USB sticks?  Thanks!   Thanks for the info! :)  Unfortunately, I don't have a current key for Windows. I bought the PC second hand, and there's no key on the case or anything. I'm not even sure if I'm running a legit copy of Windows tbh! Which is another reason I'd like to get a proper one!   Was that something some people were saying before he signed? I was one of those who wasn't sure if he'd click in the PL or not, but the physical aspect of the game wasn't one of my reasons. The guy's a beast!   What about [goalkeepers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fgIIqonblo) that do it?   Thank you :)   Ah right, thanks! Has that ever happened out of interest? Having the same match twice in a row?   How come they play Chelsea twice within a month (almost)? Did they have a game postponed earlier in the year?   Yeah I read that earlier elsewhere, but thanks for the heads up! Much appreciated :)   Eto'o was a great signing!   I just bought and installed Shadow Of Mordor, only to discover that I hadn't read the min spec closely enough and that it requires 64 bit Windows, which I don't have. I then checked my PC specs, and know that it can run 64 bit Windows, so I'm going to get the upgrade.  I would buy a normal full price version of it from the shops, but it's so expensive, and I don't have massive amounts of disposable income at the moment.  So because of that, I went on Ebay to see what they had, but I'm naturally a bit wary as to the authenticity of the stuff available there.  I just had a look at these two pages:  [Windows Home](http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Microsoft-Windows-7-Home-Premium-64Bit-with-SP1-OEM-Full-Version/141443344445?_trksid=p2047675.c100010.m2109_trkparms=aid%3D555012%26algo%3DPW.MBE%26ao%3D1%26asc%3D20140221143405%26meid%3D544e47b48dea4faaaeedaeb361e83b99%26pid%3D100010%26prg%3D20140221143405%26rk%3D3%26rkt%3D24%26mehot%3Dpp%26sd%3D221586675678)  [Windows Pro](http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Microsoft-Windows-7-Professional-SP-1-Full-Version-64-Bit-Pro-With-DVD-COA-/221586675678?pt=UK_Computing_Software_Software_SRhash=item33979857de)  How likely is it that they're above board? I mean, the Windows Home one talks about being a Dell DVD, but in the description it says it'll run on any machine.  I'd really appreciate any advice on this, I want to avoid any blunders!  Thanks!   Does anyone know who this is?      Lisa Bullock, apparently. No idea if she's been in anything else.   Sorry, I made the gif from gfycat, and you select how long the capture is, and I went a wee bit too long!   [Here's the full scene](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x9xdo0_catherine-bell-sex-scene-from-hotli_redband), complete with comedy softcore porno sax!         [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQAdWxuPBJw)      I don't get to see many Celtic games these days, so if any Celtic fans here who watch regularly could fill me in on how we're playing these days I'd be very grateful.  Are things improving for us now, in terms of how we're playing?   Fields of Anfield Road I believe it is. If not, it's something along those lines.   Just posted the same thing. Wasn't Blatter saying he didn't want it because it would slow the game down or something? How long did that decision take? 3 seconds??   I can't believe it took so long for goalline technology to come in. It's so quick and easy!      Christ, that's unreal. He's literally filling her up.         If the game was played tomorrow, I honestly think it would be quite close. I don't think we're that far ahead in terms of how we're playing at the moment. Yeah we destroyed Partick, but they were down to ten men. I'm saying tomorrow because obviously the game itself is a few months away, and we might be playing better by then.  But what Rangers have really got going for them is that there won't be any pressure on them at all, it's all going to be on us. I do wonder how we'll cope with that.   Same! And I'm equally happy that we managed to find a brilliant replacement. Everyone's a winner :D   Ah ok, thanks. I'll bear that in mind!   I found this gif of the scene, but decided to go with the youtube vid for the bigger size and higher quality :)  Having to watch JD in between was a small price to pay, I thought :D      Fuck me! Anyone know who this is?      Alia Janine :) personally I think she was the best tit  fucker out there.   If this ends in a draw is it a replay or extra time?   Not working for me either. It just judders at the beginning over and over. Never happened before, not sure what could be causing it :(  Thanks anyway, FredSports :)    One of the few teams in the league that I have nothing against.   I'd be interested to hear which teams you have something against, and what it is you have against them.   Interesting wee tidbit - Everton hold the record for most seasons competing in the top tier. There was a period of 4 years in the 1950s where they dropped out but apart from that they've always been in the top flight.   We call them ladybirds in the UK. Same creature though :)   I was leaving my house earlier today when I happened to see a spider on the hedge on the way out, and it was wrapping up a ladybird it'd just caught. Obviously I've seen spiders catch things before but never been able to get this close, so I whipped out my phone and got some snaps, and this was the best one :)      Was there one after that? From the BBC text, it sounded like there was a chance he had at the end that he completely missed, and the ball ended up going through his legs or something.   He's not on the bench, it would have to be Lambert or Markovic.   From the BBC text, about the Gerrard chance:  *Sixty seconds later, the Liverpool midfielder almost gives his side a barely deserved lead.*  A barely deserved lead?? Based on that half, a Liverpool lead wouldn't even be remotely deserved, never mind barely. It's incredible how QPR aren't at least 1 goal up.   Yeah he's one of their coaches.   His [excited skipping](http://i.imgur.com/2b6Yo7e.gif) is even better! :D   Ah right, cheers :)   You're getting streamsp? When I go there it says the site is on hiatus.  	183
 Thank you! :)   Sure, if doodles in the margins count. I actually ended up putting my focus on writing later, but drawing will always remain an outlet for me.    Right? I was kind of nervous posting these, but it actually feels pretty good. Like you're finally accepting that part of your life, dark bits and all, instead of trying to ignore the painful parts.    A great man with crazy hair once said everyone is artistic :) Gotta love Bob Ross   	4
 Where did you find this info?   Okay, was that Zachary Levi at 1:18 or am I just wishfully imagining things?   [found a link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQqZstMY7xc)   [like this?](http://www.wikihow.com/Turn-a-Hoodie-Into-a-Laptop-Bag)         Sure you do :)! According to [previous eruptions](http://resources3.news.com.au/images/2013/12/12/1226781/382999-39af45bc-62be-11e3-bb71-e2c853748ae0.jpg) and this cool [docu-fiction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uMRPjXrNdAandfeature=youtu.beandt=53m13s)    Seeing the South Sandwich Islands made me happy.   Now I'm a little curious..  	9
 Rude! I'm sure LADYKILLERRUTH is very upset by this!  	1
 Actually, when he will unplug the whole internet from Turkey, our people will be able to wake up from this negligence and will be able and need to give real answers to government.   Make French use its manpower as much as possible first. Do not attack until French army makes bunch of wars.  	2
 I have Pokerus Pokemon.  edit: whoops forgot to add that I am adding you, and my FC is in my flair :)   Your second pokemon is Dedenne :) If you sign online (and have beat the Elite Four) on the game, I can tell you your third.   I was going to see if I could check all three before I told you but I have to express frustration now.  You have fairy type (my first fairy friend! :) ) and I have run into about 300 Swirlix and nothing else. I know it isn't the only pokemon in here, but apparently it's the only pokemon who wants to come out and play.   Sure thing. Adding you now.   That's okay, I don't have any poison safaris yet, added you :)   I don't know what people are looking for or want but I would love a Ditto. I will add others, too, to fill out my safari.  1521-2703-1193. Thank you!   THANK YOU   added!! thank you!!!   Thank you!!   Can I add you as well? I was just about to post that I was looking for Vulpix when I saw this.   Added you!  1521-2703-1193   I'd like a Girafarig. Adding you!   Have you hit the limit yet? I could use some Dittos!!  edit: I forgot to mention that I added you   Thank you!   Added! Also, would you check my friend code? I'm 1521 - 2703 -1193   Someone told me not to get Fennekin because the last evolution was ugly. I love the idea of a fire/psychic type, though, so I picked Fennekin anyway. I don't get all the hate for Delphox. I think it looks like a pokemon who could set you on fire with its mind, and that's exactly what it is.    "even a Texan"  You may be underestimating how proud Texans are of being Texan.   I've rewritten this too many times trying to clearly explain what I'm looking for without going on for ages and getting sidetracked or adding too much information, all of which are problems I have when attempting to express myself.  In text, I can revise what I'm trying to say which is helpful with the above problems, but there are more issues still. I have trouble remembering words, and it's really bad because though I can describe what the word means (sort of, I kind of speak my own language sometimes that only a couple of people can understand), I will try to say things like 'it starts with [x]' when it doesn't start with that letter at all, or even worse, the word I'm searching for doesn't actually exist and I'm thinking of a different word that doesn't have the meaning I'm looking for (for example, I'll be describing a word that I want to be a general word for different kinds of climates and people will suggest biomes, ecosystems, but none of those are right, the word I'm looking for starts with a T, but it turns out the word I want is 'triangulate' and I end up frustrated because I still don't have the word I want to use and now I have a useless word) (that is a real life example) (this is an example of too much information)  I have social anxiety and it doesn't help me articulate my thoughts at all. I don't want to keep going on, I just want to learn how to articulate my thoughts in both text and verbal conversation.  The last thing I want to say is that telling me to slow down my talking and give myself time to think doesn't help, because I've done that, and I'm still trying, but I end up not being able to think of what I'm saying and being quiet for too long and the conversation moves on and I lose my original thought entirely.  I'm sorry if this doesn't make sense, I'll try to clarify anything that is confusing or poorly worded. Thank you in advance.   Happy birthday to us!! I'm turning 26 so it's extra, extra special.   I know :D I'm very excited about sharing a birthday with Joel. Then I realized I'm getting the apocalypse for my birthday.   My birthday is tomorrow.   Thanks!!! :D   Hehe, thanks, I try my best every day   Thank you! :)      About four months ago, I started coming out as genderfluid to my closest friends. I'm FAAB and my name/nickname were both really feminine. I like my birth name (Erica), but I feel sort of disconnected from it, and I wanted to shed my nickname (Rikka) because I wanted to shed my names like old skin and come out as the real me. I started going by James. I know it's a masculine name, but it's my favorite name, and I didn't see any issue with being called James no matter how I presented.  Now I've got two issues.  I feel no connection to any of my names. I see Erica and I think, that's someone who isn't me. That's who I am when I'm with my mother, or my grandparents. When I see Rikka, I wince. I don't even know why. Maybe because so many awful things happened to me while I went by that name? When I see James, though, I don't associate it with me. It made me happy, at first, being called James, but now I'm just sort of confused. Is that a sign I should find a new name?  On top of having no connection to my names, I have recently been feeling more feminine, and I feel guilty. I didn't really make a big deal out of being a dude to my friends, I did ask one of my very closest friends to use male pronouns while talking to people who don't know me, and she uses them with me sometimes, which is fine still. It's not really about pronouns for me, not at the moment.  I don't know how to describe what I'm feeling really. For a while, I stopped shaving my legs, because it looked more masculine to have super hairy legs and I could just tell people "I'm too lazy" or "I wear pants all the time so who cares", but it was sort of a small thing I could have that no one could see (like I said, I wear pants most of the time). I told one friend that I stopped shaving (I can't remember why now).  Recently, I started shaving again, though. When I mentioned something about shaving my legs to the same friend, he questioned it. I felt defensive. I told him about the genderfluid stuff, so why couldn't I just say "I've been feeling girly"?  **tl;dr**  1. I feel disconnected from my names, including one I chose for myself, and feel nameless. 2. I feel guilty for wanting to present as feminine, because I'm FAAB.   I wasn't sure if it counted as OC if I didn't make the game, but I took the screenshot? If it isn't OC, then I can take it down and repost it without the tag      I was diagnosed with depression when I was pretty young. It was fairly mild, but gradually got worse over time up until a time period between 2009 up to 2012, when I hit rock bottom over, and over, and over.  I don't want to get into specifics because, well, I'm not here to talk about that. I will just say that it was two years of hell followed by a year of having zero energy and not giving a shit about anything.  I slept almost constantly. I would be up for maybe 4 hours tops (usually less, sometimes as little as 10 minutes) before going back to sleep for anywhere from 4-16 hours, occasionally even longer. It was miserable. When I was awake, I was eating quick and easy junk food because I had no energy to even make a sandwich. I couldn't even heat up a frozen dinner.  So what happened was I basically laid around and got fat. Well, fatter.  Then, in mid 2012, I met someone. I met him online. He lives an ocean away from me in England, but I fell for him HARD. I was infatuated with him and I was so happy. I had energy. I didn't hate the world. I didn't know what it felt like to be sad anymore. I never wanted it to stop.  I knew it would, though. The soaring feeling would wear off. I'd never felt like that before, but I knew myself. Nothing lasted for me if it was good, but for once, knowing I was going to fall into another depression at some point in the future didn't make me feel hopeless. I wanted that feeling to last, but I also knew it couldn't. That didn't mean I had to go back to rock bottom, though.  For the first time in my life, I wanted help for my depression. I actually wanted to learn how to manage it. I had a whole plan. I would get back on meds, I'd take them regularly, I'd go to therapy, I'd see a psychiatrist, I'd learn to function like a real adult. I'd get a job. I'd go to school. I'd save money and I would fly to England so I could hug that boy in person.  And I started doing just that. I found a psychiatrist and started an intensive therapy program. Then everything started to go downhill.  My car was broken in to. Nothing was stolen, but they had gone through everything and pulled out things I'd hidden, things that brought up awful memories that made me sick to my stomach. The guy in England told me that even though he had feelings for me, he didn't want a long-distance relationship. I had known the whole time that we wouldn't date, even though I was and still am willing to try an LDR. Actually being told that, though, was absolutely crushing.  Even though the amazing feeling was gone, and thinking about him hurt, I still wanted to learn to manage my depression. I kept going to therapy. I kept seeing my psychiatrist. But I was back to having no energy. It was a struggle to stay awake during therapy (3 hours 4 days a week) no matter how much or how little I'd slept. But I stuck with it, and I finished up the therapy program with hope.  I was still fat, though, and I hated it. No matter how good I felt about other things, if I saw myself in a mirror, I was miserable. I didn't want to torture myself with diet and exercise right off the bat, I didn't want to jump right in and overwhelm myself and quit after two days.  I cut out soda and caffeine and started drinking water in hopes that it would help me get some energy. It may have, but it wasn't much. What I did notice, though, was that I lost weight. I was 10 pounds lighter, and for someone who's four feet and eleven inches, that's actually noticeable. Still, I was overweight. Obese, even. I felt better without the soda and caffeine, but it wasn't enough. The most noticeable differences were less headaches, and my acid reflux was gone. (That was extremely exciting, I went from having to eat Tums like candy while sucking down pepcid to not having to use either at all)  Finally, I mentioned it to my psychiatrist. I hadn't before, and I wish I had sooner. With my lack of energy and difficulty concentrating on things, she decided to prescribe Adderall.  I was nervous about it at first, because I have abused prescription drugs in the past. I told myself, take it like you're supposed to. See how it works. See what it does for you.  I knew that if it actually helped me, I didn't want to abuse it because I didn't want it to get taken away like the other pills.  I was given a pretty low dose at first and my instructions were to take it twice a day, one when I woke up, one five hours later, and they should wear off by the time I'm supposed to go to bed. When I picked up the pills, it was roughly around the time I was supposed to take the second one, early afternoon, so I decided to take it.  One pill kept me up for over 24 hours. I remember looking at the clock and realizing that I'd woken up 26 hours earlier and I wasn't tired at all. I thought that was strange, but I hadn't been downing them like candy or anything. It was just a powerful drug that I wasn't used to, I told myself. But I loved the feeling of being AWAKE. I was so NOT TIRED. I should have worried, and I did abuse them at first but I denied it to myself. I'm not abusing them, I'm not doing this all the time, etc etc.  I would stay up until I was delirious with them, because I loved not having to sleep. I spent so much time sleeping, and now I wasn't sleeping!! I could do stuff!!! And I could FOCUS. The first time I took it, I played a flash game on Neopets for 7 hours. I did nothing else.  Another side effect was that I wasn't hungry. I didn't snack constantly. I barely ate. The pounds were melting off, and even if I wasn't THIN still, I was lighter than I'd been in years. I fudged the truth for people when they asked me what I was doing to lose the weight. I told them, I'm controlling my portions, snacking less, and not drinking soda. It was all true, but only technically. I was controlling my portions by barely eating anything, and no snacking is less than any amount of snacking. The soda thing, that was the only part that wasn't a misleading truth.   Fairly quickly, though, my body adjusted. One pill didn't keep me up for a day, and it didn't suppress my appetite quite as much. When I fell asleep only an hour after taking an Adderall, I had her increase my dose.  Despite my actions when I was first prescribed it, I finally controlled myself when she said that she might change it if it's not working as well. I realized that if I kept going on that route, I'd lose the meds, and they gave me so much energy and I was getting things DONE, even if sometimes I would take them for the sole purpose of not sleeping for two days. And I had lost weight, something I hadn't done in years!!! Or ever, really, I got fat pretty slowly and just sort of stayed there.  After that, though, I stopped abusing it. I stopped starving myself. I took it how I was supposed to, and instead of avoiding eating, I took advantage of the lack of appetite to eat smaller portions.  My mood was better because I had meds that worked for me, I had lost weight and was keeping it off, now in a healthier way, and the best thing happened during all this.  I got to go to England and I got to give the guy who started all of this the hug I'd wanted to give him since the beginning.  I was incredibly lucky. My friend paid for me to go with him, and we met up with the guy I'm crazy about and I got to spend two days with him. Best two days of my life, honestly.  In 2011, after two years of absolute hell, I tried to kill myself four times. 2012 started with apathy, exhaustion, and 175 pounds. It ended with a broken heart, a lot of hope, and 35 pounds gone.  2013 started with energy and a European vacation, and now I'm sitting here at 125 pounds (still not at my goal weight, but I'll get there!) and I'm *okay* for the first time since I was eight years old, and that's the best I could hope for.  [Before  After pictures of me](http://i.imgur.com/gbAGUch.jpg)  The first picture is actually in the later half of 2012, my heart's already been broken and I've started therapy. I'm 165 pounds and at Six Flags for my 25th birthday.  The second picture was taken in May of this year. I'm 125 pounds, both in that picture, and right now.  I don't know what typically goes in this subreddit, but this is something I wanted to say so I thought it fit. I don't care if anyone sees it or reads it or whatever, but I just needed to say it.   But if you did read all of this, then [this is for you.](http://i.imgur.com/l08GotR.jpg)   I'm not a huge fan of Hot Topic overall, but I admit that sometimes I go in there for fandom merchandise (typically t-shirts) when I'm at the mall.  In any case, it sounds like she's going to have an awesome birthday :)    I have Luna's wand from that collection :) I was also surprised at how heavy they are. They have a metal core, I think lead?   This is an awesome gift, you get an E. She'll love it.   I had some at the Harry Potter studio tour in London, it was amazing. It was very sweet, kind of butterscotchy and something else... The foam on top was thick and sweet and kind of like ice cream.  Most of the recipes I've tried use apple cider, which I don't like at all, but the stuff I had in London was what I had always imagined. It was perfect, and I'm so upset that I can't just go out and buy some.   Woo!! High five!!   o/   Maybe I AM Joel...  	34
 I'll let you know! So far no complaints but, its really only been played on cockatrice...   [A balanced low powered pack!](http://imgur.com/VWD8HGS)  [Much Cube.](http://www.cubetutor.com/viewcube/12282)  This is a high-powered combo heavy cube. It's a work in progress. All suggestions for fixes/changes appreciated!   Thanks for the feedback! I have been considering adding more burn and brown ramp. I'll have to do that next time I am at my pc! I'm not sold on a perfectly color balanced cube. IMO, as long as it's pretty close all color combos are viable. Combos were something I was definitely trying to push.   I have been working on this for a while, its far from perfect but, I would love some input. Anything I am obviously missing? I'm hoping to print it off in the near future. Any feedback would be appreciated!    [The list!](http://www.cubetutor.com/viewcube/12282)  	4
 Also "Asleep" by The Smiths. Gets me everytime    Ugh, so infuriating. Poor Kristen. I can't understand why people can't wrap there heads around a world that is non-binary    Actually 5! They're all musicals! Every year like clockwork! It's a little crazy, but my school takes musical theater very seriously    That's so cool! My school does on musical in the fall (Brigadoon), a One Act in the winter (Pippin), a Musical in the spring (Adams Family), and two summer musicals (undecided)       That's exactly what we do! But it goes on for about two months, like there's a districts, regionals, and states plus festivals put on by various school. So every weekend for two months we travel to a different school in the state and compete against others. We're in the middle of our one act season right now! What are you guys doing?    And it's like a competition? Like a traveling one-act?    Cool! What show are you doing?    One acts? Isn't that just a Michigan thing?   Jane Porter or Meg. I don't know why but I related to their strong personalities so much     "Fuck me gently with a chainsaw" is my answer for everything 😂😂   My dream!!   Dying for Heathers and Sad Girl. I hope they're referencing Heathers the movie because it is my ALL TIME FAV   Thanks!!    Anyone have guessed on the price of this?    Oh my god that's so amazing! Thank you so much it's absolutely adorable!   I'll totally try that!!      I do and I love love love them! But the post so many unique OCC colors that I have a hard time re-creating them    I'll swatch anything you want!    Absolutely! Here you go! http://i.imgur.com/uZ4NYdL.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/qYqPS6t.jpg (a little hard to catch the shimmer but it's very very pretty!)   I can't get over how great my family is! My mom has an eye for great products!    I got the mini Smashbox Full Exposure palette and it's absolutely adorable! It's so think and sleek and I'm still so excited about it! AHHH a I can't get over how cute it is! http://i.imgur.com/yXwaqQE.jpg http://i.imgur.com/cRIMTIW.jpg   Anyone have some good lipstick inspo pictures? I would love to try some crazier looks than just one color on my lips!    Product List:  Kat Von D studded lipstick in Lolita  Givenchy Mascara (100 point perk)  LUSH Cosmetics lip scrub in Mint Julip  MAC lipstick in Heroine  Kat Von D Foiled Lipstick in Valentine  Kat Von D Foiled Liquid Lipstick in Adora  NARS dual intensity eyeshadow singles in Himalia and Dione  Mini Smashbox Full Exposure pallet  Real Techinique Brushes       These shadows are absolutely gorgeous. I received them as a Christmas gift and was floored at how beautiful they were. They're called Dual Intensity because they're meant to either be applied wet or dry (like you can do with most shadows) but the difference between the two is crazy. They're a light sweep of shimmer when applied dry, but the pigment when applied wet is so gorgeous. It's a little bit pricey for eyeshadow singles, but I am so happy they were gifted to me! I'm IN LOVE with them!      http://imgur.com/hOTrreE http://imgur.com/4mYZSbb http://imgur.com/RPhwbwo http://imgur.com/agOgSz1 http://imgur.com/W0Bd2sx    The two shades are Himalia (left shade in picture, top two swatches) and Dione (right shade in picture, bottom two swatches). I got these as a Christmas gift and they are honestly so gorgeous. They're made to either be applied dry or wet, and as you can see they are both absolutely gorgeous either way. They're so creamy, and the pigment when wet is absolutely beautiful. They're a bit pricey for eyeshadow singles, but I am absolutely IN LOVE with them!!!!   I am signed up to be a rematcher actually! I love giving gifts, I just had hoped the one i received would have at least a fraction of the effort I put into mine    Thank you, done and done.    Thanks, but none of these seem to help in my situation, I'm more looking to see if I'm eligible for rematch due to my gift being under the 20 dollars and what looks to me as a "send as little as possible so I still receive a gift"  Edit: of course this is just perspective on the gift.    I guess my added frustration is that I had a very detailed likes and dislike plus an extended wish list from the Reddit Marketplace, and my secret Santa never once contacted me. They also retrieved my info the day before shipping was supposed to happen. I will post it to the gallery without complaining because I honestly don't want to hurt my SS's feelings, I was just wondering if there was anything I could do to  make my gift exchange experience more positive       My girlfriend and I do that! We call it "playing dead" and it mostly happens when one of us is pouting. It's so nice to hear it's not just us!    Oh gosh! I didn't even realize this is considered a haul! It's not new or gifted to me. I though a haul was lots of things. My mistake!    Oops! Kat Von D's foiled lipstick in Valentine   I wear a lot of bright lip colors, and a lot of boys just don't understand how it works....like your lips? Being different colors???????     Yes! I have an awful camera quality, and I attempted to capture it, but it is super sparkly. I feel like Barbie!    Here's an attempt to capture it (it's not very good, but you can kind of see what I mean on the bottom lip) http://i.imgur.com/7HOX0f8.jpg      This was super helpful! Thank you!!   Well, I'm glad to hear that! Will I get an email saying I can sign up for rematch soon? Like....what do I do and when do I do it?    It just sucks that I spent so much money and time on a person only to get nothing in return...call me selfish but..   What do I do if the person sending me a gift hasn't shipped yet? I have gotten zero messages from them, and they last retrieved my info on December 18th. Is there any way j can contact them to figure out what's going on? Or do I just have to blindly wait?    Oops! I assumed it was a woman since its a makeup subreddit which is totally wrong of me! I apologize!    She said she would also do non makeup pictures, i was specifically her to draw this for me    http://i.imgur.com/3MV26Ao.jpg   I know it's not makeup related, but it's almost Christmas and a drawing of my girlfriend would be wonderful!     Maybe one day :)   Thank you! I've never had bangs before, I think I'm too afraid of change!   Bold brows would be beautiful! You're gorgeous!   	49
 I've heard people say that the the old testament no longer applies to Christians after Jesus came because according to some new testament verse he's the fulfilment of the law. Then they quote anti gay new testament verse. I'm also at a loss on how to handle.    Lol my first thought exactly    Moist   Jesse Pinkman?   You're not the only one. I'm much more sociable and upbeat during my period. I have no idea why. Like, in the days before my period I'm miserable but during and days after I feel more normal, borderline happy.   Looks like Havarti.   According to my RES it's a thing. Only 6 subscribers.   Just a heads up, most POC find being called "exotic" offensive.   In your opinion, should the US take on poor people from all over the globe because life is hard?    So are you working on a cure for multiple sclerosis or developing an alternative fuel? I'm really interested in all the innovations you're currently contributing to society.   How do asexual and/or aromantic people fit into your understanding?   I swear you're one of few people in this thread with the common sense to realize that everything isn't for everyone. You have a healthy attitude.   So if a white murders blacks it's racist but a black murders white its an assault.  Twice to be specific.   Yeah it's definitely an article to bait people, and look it's working. That website doesn't look like the most trustworthy site I've ever seen.   Puts you in the mood for revenge racism?   Imo as a black person, this is a hate crime and I can't believe they didn't classify it that way. Attacking people for a stupid reason is horrifying and even worse that they included a child. Truly wtf is wrong with people.   Yay another Cyclone! Hope you get to visit the state fair, it's pretty awesome.   This gif was everything I hoped it would be :')   What would the right reasons be, in your opinion?   It's been 2 hours! What happened?!   Never thought I'd see this in my lifetime!   So who wants to marry this queer Black lady? I'm adventurous, college educated and love cuddles :)    The way you put that was helpful actually.    If I don't feel like I have a gender identity, then I don't have to identify as cis, do I? I don't have a problem with dysphoria, so I'm not trans either.   Same here.   Black chick here. If I could find a "white-acting" black boy I'd actually be quite happy.   Hello, me.   Tuck's pad secret ingredient.   I was one of the ones who said I'm not interested in penises. I'm unlikely to be attracted to a transman because most of them get top surgery and I like boobs. I'm also unattracted to deep voices and large amounts of body hair, which some have after taking testosterone.   And there are plenty of dildos that don't look extremely phallic- such as lack of veins or distinctive glans.    Agreed, this for me as well.   Stop making wild, racist accusations when OP hasn't said anything remotely race-related. You don't have the right to judge someone's identity or perception of their environment. Especially when you're not a part of it!  And if anything is "lesbophobic", you're username certainly is.   I don't think they're saying there's anything wrong with being butch, but as a butch OP should be horrified at their own behavior for being associated with this saying. I'm not agreeing with them, just clarifying.   I think it's wonderful that you're excited to go to a university where you and your wife will be accepted! I remember how excited I was to go to a school that was queer friendly and didn't have to hide a part of my identity. It sucks someone took a lighthearted quip and turned it into an attack. If anyone is aggressive and making wild assumptions it's them. And as a black person, I can't see how this person is feeling racially threatened by you. I wish you all the best :)  Edit: grammar   Embarrassed to say I just read the description and tried to imitate the noise lol   Where are you from? I'm intrigued by lesbian football teams and waterfalls :)   That was my first thought lol   What's your overall point?   A lot of people feel bad for Morello but I just can't find any sympathy for her.   ~~Heart~~  Hart   I'm pretty sure Gender Identity Disorder and dysphoria are classified as psychological issues  [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity_disorder)    Not OP but sometimes it is hard to deal with, it gets tiring after awhile. But I also know who I am, as well as my friends and family, all that we've accomplished. Most of the POC I know don't fit any one of the common stereotypes I see, so I know it's bullshit. I see a lot of the racist people on Reddit as ignorant and uncultured, and definitely not qualified to speak for "the black community".   My (black) church gets student for the university nearby all the time. We treat them like nice people who are interested in worship because that's what they normally are. I grew up in white Catholic churches and always was treated decently.   My worst nightmare was giving a presentation where I had to say "rural" like 34 times. I sounded like I was mentally challenged by the end, cant pronounce that word for the life of me.   That sounds really interesting. How did you end up in that specialty or is this your first PA job?    I didn't understand why she threw the turtle in the first place?   Or....  **HEDD2016**   You echo my thoughts exactly.   spicy salsa plus tobacco  Quite the recipe you've got there.   I think it's the fact that people don't see rice, black beans, protein, and cheese as calorie culprits as obviously as say McDonald's or other fast food. I think cutting the tortilla helps a lot.    What's the difference? I've never heard this word before!   Thanks for clearing that up. Even if the ad wasn't trying to be racist I still couldn't understand the point of the ad.   What?   This might sound dumb, but I used to be offended by the word "cis" because people were calling me a term that I didn't identify with. I knew what cis meant, "identifying with your assigned gender". I just didn't feel like I have a "gender" and I still feel that way sometimes. I have my biological sex which includes ovaries, breasts, and vag, personality, etc. I can't honestly say I feel I have some innate sense of womanhood anywhere in my being.   It's about culture and nationality, not skin color alone. Racial classification in the US isn't common outside the US.  Source: Mom is dark skinned Dominican, calls herself Latina- Dominican and nothing else.   I think the op is comparing Trans to other minority groups and saying they don't kill themselves due to depression caused by discrimination.   Nonbinary, meaning not male or female identifying.    Do you mean intersexed people?    On point.   Or the plot of Back Door Sluts 9   From what I read it seems they offer funding to public health programs that aim to reduce smoking, HIV/AIDs transmission, and reduce health disparities in minorities. It's not like a hospital is giving out free prescriptions and CAT scans.    Do you have a source on the quota for minority students?   How does being black give you easier access to health care?    I wish someone would tell my depression that:(   What happened?    T   Next commercial spot lol   What's wrong with saying female?    Saltier than Lot's wife.    Yup as an Iowan, I'm sad this is why we're being mentioned on Reddit for once.    Tonight we ride!    Black vape user here   The fuck?    Any advice about merging onto the highway?   I'm not weighing it, estimating with my fitness pal and with the nutrition facts on the back if it comes with that.       Yeah definitely. They're pretty strong and frequent too.   Lol sometimes my mom will be cutting potatoes for dinner and I'll grab a piece.    something, something White privilege.   HAES   Lobster. Nothing sexy about trying to crack a shell open and slathering the meat in butter.   Baby bear?   Nibble on it you heathen!   Eating raw potatoes makes my teeth feel really scummy for some reason.   Best way to piss my gf off? Eat one of those in bed right before she gets in. *Evil laughter*   Circumcise it.   Sorry you had a bad experience, maybe try finding another beautician.  I had the exact opposite experience about a month ago. I've had long relaxed since I was kid and recently decided I wanted to transition. Went to a new stylist and she refused to BC it because she couldn't understand why I'd want short natural hair:(   Writhing, back arching, deep moans, vaginal contractions...SPLOOSH!  My leg muscles tightened up once so bad it turned into a charlie horse.   1. http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2ztwk3/severus_gate_agent_snape/   2. https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3804xj/so_apparently_snape_works_at_american_airlines/crr8lkp   May I.....Slytherin?   [More Snapes on a plane](http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr02/2013/8/9/11/enhanced-buzz-14842-1376062662-10.jpg)   Hufflepuff boarding before Gryffindor? *Shots fired*   You sound like a good boyfriend:)   Exactly. My mother grew up through segregated schools and her sister's arm got broken by a cop for attempting to go. My rage level was through the roof reading that thread.   As a woman I'm not sure whether to feel sorry for you or afraid. Honestly, it's a mix of both.   I hate Tyler Perry not only because he plays into stereotypes but he's sexist as well imo.    You people sounds accusatory and like you're generalizing someone. My people is about being united and having things in common.   Triple minority here. It's not about skin color, it's about being united by certain experiences, struggles, and circumstances.    I'm guessing he's calling them his people because they're united by the same struggle and experiences, to a point.    Bingo. My grandparents lived through Jim Crow. My mom was around when schools were still segregated in the south. Our family was lucky to be able to move to the Midwest so their kids could get a decent education. This shit wasn't so long ago.   Give me an example?   It's speaking ghetto or hood. And it's a dialect not an accent.   misinformation   Interesting. I feel like most schools do but I'll do some research.    I'm not a jerk:)   How important is the GRE score in comparison to everything else (gpa, letters of rec, personal statement etc)?  	104
 I'm loving it! :) Thanks for the recommendation!   Infinite.   Color is a way we interpret and differential the frequencies/wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation. As far as we know, the range of electromagnetic radiation is nearly infinite (from the smallest possible wavelength = Planck's constant to as large as the universe is).  Remember that the colors that we (the human eye) can see are limited to the types of cones that we have (three types). Many animals have more cone types, with cephalopods having the maximum as far as I know. But that's still limited. The "ideal" eye should be able to detect infinite number of colors.  Some basic reading: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_vision#In_other_animal_species    Seems more like some type of peripheral neuropathy. I am an orthopedician and I suggest you approach a neurologist.   Looking them up right now.   Your story is very similar to a friend of mine who rescues sick kittens. She in fact has a rescued kitten with a fractured spine, for whom she's trying to find a new home.   Some of the things that I do...  - I try to give almost everyone another chance -- in the sense, I rarely write anyone off because they have been rude to me.  - I try to give most people the benefit of doubt while they seem to screw up. - I am an out, relatively young, but mature gay individual in India. I try to help younger gay men whenever they have some issues with relationships/family. - I suffer from depression. I try and promote depression awareness in all my circles, so as to bring more tolerance and understanding about all kinds of psychological condition. - I try to be friendly with most animals that I encounter in my life. Playing with them, cuddling them, feeding them when I can, etc.   I have been listening to NPR All Songs Considered for a year now and I love the discoveries that I'm making. I wonder if there are other similar stations.  Edit:  Some of the aspects that I'm looking for are as follows: - Incisive, insightful commentary/DJing (not needed 24*7) - An online playlist where you can find the name of the songs played - Preferably with features on new releases  I used to listen to a alternative/indie/rock station called Meta on TuneIn Radio. They had great DJs but they closed about a year or so back. Since then, I have been listening to NPR All Songs Considered.   Do you mean "your"?   I'm not a dermatologist, but I would think that this is a neurological condition? Hyperalgesia due to some reason.   It's okay. I guess that had a part in me having PTSD and MDD.   Yes, they were.    All this fits in so well in The Giver scheme of things.   Alice In Chains, Battlestar Galactica, Twitter.  	12
 Terrible title    Hey, all those hands are white. Racism.   Yeah like I get the argument but sometimes there's good reason fo record an awesome band live for your keeping   Taylor swift is gorgeous.  	4
 Just seen the movie. Can confirm.         What's the meaning of life?    Not OP. But this is awesome, good job :)       ISTJ   I'm usually exhausted/more emotional. But I've noticed moodiness too.   Yesterday, I believe.    A friend of mine had an uncle who was an alcoholic, did the alcohol kill him? *no* he choked to death on a springroll.    Looks pretty good to me :)   • To battle the emptiness.  • To punish myself   • Sometimes no real reason, just a need to do it.    Good luck    So.. I'm curious. What's the other things?   	14
 SWEET JESUS NO.   WHY. WHY DID I CLICK?   Happy Birthday, Ascended One!   Any of the questions posed by the [Fermi Paradox](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox).   I know this pain.  God damn you, Italian genes!   Just use it whenever you have two full, related clauses; if you've got a verb and a subject noun, your sentence is a clause (generally).      That my hands are really just long-toed feet.   It's just a massive circlejerk of attractive people fishing for attention, of course they're all good looking.   Because his joke implies that these people are Russian.  They're not.   Oh, of course fucking centipedes are the undisputed champions.   I hate centipedes.   Hey guys.  I just recently heard about the upcoming MMO The Repopulation and was quite excited to hear that it is following more of a sandbox-style  design.  Has anyone here played it, and if so, what are your thoughts about its current state/ future?   Spoken like someone who got sex at an early age. I'm racing against public perception that virgins are creeps. I don't wanna be a creep!     Ah, the prostitutes in my country are legal and (probably) STD-free. Progress!      As an unattractive dude: People who say shit like, " You just need confidence, bro." No, I need a better face.   Do tissues count as people?  What if I draw faces on them?   I don't want to be labelled as a creep/a potential Elliot-Rodgers-rapist-mass-murderer.  People don't like quiet, unsociable 20-something males.   I should have worked on my fear of women earlier in my teens because I'm terrified on them now ( well, when I'm not placated by my meds, haha).    The fucking jackal-man.  I had the same recurring dream in my childhood home: I'd be walking into the rumpus room out back and this jackal-headed thing would jump out from behind the couch. He'd move really quick, and kind of shimmered as if he was made of static as he advanced in quick spasmodic leaps towards me. I'd run, but I could never get away because time would slow, and no matter how many times I screamed for my mum, she wouldn't come.  Fun fact: Years later the jackal returned in my bouts of sleep paralysis. One time I felt him grab my shirt, and as I grabbed his arm, I could feel my hand going numb. Fuck sleep paralysis.   That'd be a strawman argument if I was attacking you on the basis of you being a shill, which I'm not seeing as I honestly couldn't really give a shit if you are or not. I was wrong in thinking you were a shill, but that doesn't mean there aren't people working for whatever government to influence online discussion.  A conspiracy theorist believes something that has no to very little concrete proof backing it up. My comment isn't [baseless](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/jul/14/gchq-tools-manipulate-online-information-leak), mate.  Hell, I'll even link you the document leaked by Ol' Mate Snowden himself:[here](https://firstlook.org/theintercept/document/2014/02/24/art-deception-training-new-generation-online-covert-operations/)  If you read my post history, you'll see that I don't go around denouncing others as shills. I just thought it was kind of humorous that the exact same comment had been posted by two different accounts, one of them being only a few hours old.  Trim that inferiority complex of yours a bit, mate, I mistakenly thought you were some guy in a naval base or whatever, it's no big deal.    Jesus Christ, you're angry.  Over what? A fuckwit comment that you made to try and justify some kind of contrarian, holier-than-thou bullshit. Am I assaulting your integrity or something?   It's not a conspiracy that governments employ people to sway discussion on particular topics here; I mean, one look at a thread on Russia/Ukraine should give you an insight into how common these kinds of commentators are. I just saw two of the same comments and though, "Weird. Probably some shills or something."  And for the record, and against the titanic strawman argument you've made, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, I'm not a 9/11 "truther", nor do I believe in the Illuminati, lizard-people, etc.   Also, why the fuck are you defending so vehemently such a useless comment? What does your self-righteous wankjob of a comment even bring to the discussion other than 'hurr durr... dat other subreddit is silly'?    /u/weightform writes:  Shouldn't this have been posted to /r/conspiracy[1] , where the crack team of resident investigators will spend an inordinate amount of time never getting to the bottom of this particular story.  The exact same comment as you, word for word. Did your superiors forget to tell you guys to differentiate your comments, Mr ENRICOs?   And Space Engineers!   Muh jimmies, dey be rustling in the cool, autumn breeze.    If you truly believe "I know that if I dated an equally ugly girl, I'd be just as miserable as if I stayed alone..." then you are both and obviously have no interest in a relationship that contains more than sex   See, I always see this shit. People go on and on about how terrible it is that I'm not attracted to an ugly girl, but they never date them themselves. It's not like I think I deserve some supermodel; I just know that anyone that I could potentially date would not be attracted to me and vice-versa.   Why do you insist on patronising people like me by holding them to different standards to your own? I bet you don't  go around dating physically unattractive people, do you? When was the last time you dated a friend who was ugly? Or just some random ugly person.         A nice, happy life that you were born into? So am I supposed to be happy that I'm ugly? Are you ugly and happy? Probably not, eh? But that doesn't stop you from patronizing me.   But you haven't gotten anywhere? Shit, just a cursory glance at your post history shows that you're pretty much in the same boat as me ( despite myself never having even held a girl's hand).   So, what are you going to do? Continue on blindly in the hopes that a girl may pity you enough? You going to continue with such uncertainty until you're thirty? Forty? What if you never achieve any relationship? It's common for people such as us to end up that way, at the tail end of thirty wondering when we'll ever get our chance.  Believe me, mate, if they'd have wanted people like us, then we wouldn't be in this situation. I choose not to believe their bullshit about personality mattering. They pick the cream of the crop and then convince the rest that it's our 'personality' that is fucked up, not the fact that we were fucked from the beginning.  But go ahead, continue on looking in the off chance you get a relationship. Hell, I'll even congratulate you if you do get one. But there's no way in hell I'm living to thirty on the slim chance that I might find someone.   No, you're trying to show me *your* way of thinking.  I haven't asked you yet, but I'm willing to be you've been in relationships before? Had sex probably when you were a teen, like most average people and received a bunch of validation early on, yeah?  Me following your advice is like someone with no legs following the advice of someone with legs on how to play footsies.    Oh, fuck off.  Look at the sub linked in this thread, look at all the posts of men/women who have done just that, stuck by people in friendships and then when they've wanted to become intimate, have been kept on the friend path.  I mean,for fuck's sake, the very reason your sub exists is to make fun of those men who lament over the fact that they have taken this exact path of friendship and failed. Attraction for intimacy has to be formed straight away initially, not manifested through a platonic friendship. r/foreveralone and r/niceguys should be proof enough of that.   I believe for all that good stuff to happen in the first place, someone has to respond positively to your physical appearance.   And hell, maybe I don't deserve anybody to love because I see past this ridiculous Disney-esque façade of people accepting you past your physicality, and that makes people uncomfortable.   Contrary to popular belief, there isn't someone for everyone.   So, what? I can't attract them so I become friends with them? You realise what you're saying? "Oh, you can't become intimate with women, so just make friends with them. I mean, you'll constantly live in a weird sort of limbo where you'll want intimacy but never receive it, but you should be happy with that because women don't owe you intimacy but they sure owe intimacy to these other physically attractive guys they just met."   That's what all those sexually successful guys do, yeah? Makes friends with women first?   In 30 years, everyone is going to be much less attractive. What do you do then?   So I wait until someone has had their fill of mutual attraction in their early days and let them settle with me because I'm as ugly as them now? Hot, damn! What an epiphany! Who needs to be desired when you can have someone settle for you later when they're done with their fun? I mean, the general consensus at 30 is that you better not be a virgin or else risk being labelled a creep, but surely some woman can pity me enough to give me her vagina and maybe some half-arsed attempt at intimacy.    You wanna help me, mate?  Then don't condescend me with bullshit that I have heard so many countless times before.   "Oh, what's that? People that I've never talked to are making fun of me on the train because of my personality? Damn, I never knew how easy it was for people to pick out self-loathing from a momentary glance, I guess it's nothing to do with the fact that I'm a weird-looking dude."  Face it,man. People put value on physical appearance, so much value as to dictate the path of an initial social interaction. Sure, maybe if I had a 'good personality' girls would see past my physical flaws or whatever bullshit, but the fact that I get rejected from the first second they see me crushes any hope I might have that 'personality trumps appearance'.  So, what should I do? Fix my 'defeatist attitude' and walk blindly through life in the hope that if maybe I had a good personality, then people would like me, despite facing constant rejection no matter how hard I try?  I don't want a date with a great-looking girl. I don't want to be a fucking novelty, some guy 'punching above his weight'; I want to be treated like a person. I want to date people based on personality, but in my experience, people couldn't give two shits about your personality if you don't appeal to them on a physical level.  Sure, you may have an attractive personality but your physical attractiveness determined whether someone was going to interact with you on a deep enough level to get a fuller picture of your personality in the first place.   only dated guys who were below average in the looks department. I only dated one super hot, fit dude and guess what? His personality sucked ass.  Yeah, ok. I'm calling bullshit, but whatever floats ya boat.   Because just because someone is ugly doesn't make them automatically attracted to ugly people? Is that difficult to understand?   Well, of course "everything is look" for me. That's all I've ever been judged on: my looks.   Do you live in some fantasy world where no one is judged on their appearance, and everyone lives a nice, happy life without preconceptions about appearance colouring their interactions?   Naw, man, [not entirely](http://faceresearch.org/students/notes/symmetry.pdf)   Never said I couldn't find good qualities, only that I wouldn't date them because I wouldn't find them physically attractive. Is that so unreasonable?  there is no hope for you   My thoughts exactly.     Certain smaller things are subjective, sure. Like whether one person prefers this weight or that skin colour, etc. But things such as facial symmetry are universal. My face ain't symmetrical.   You don't think what I'm saying is realistic? You don't judge people on their looks? If you truly don't , then you are a far better person than I or anyone I know.  The likelihood however is that you, like the rest of us, are subject to the effects of physical attractiveness.    I guess some guys don't deal very well with the fact that they won't be able to live the same lives as their attractive kin , and I'd imagine that's where this NiceGuy mentality comes from.   Makes me sad,though. They're bitter for something that's out of their control.   But you married someone you found attractive, yeah?  What I've been saying is that, due to the way I look, I will not be able to find someone who is attracted to me who I also find attractive, hell I probably won't find anyone attracted to myself, regardless of whether they're ugly or not.  And no, I can guarantee you that sex with that girl would be terrible because, for the life of me, I could not get it up, no matter how much I may have in common with her.  Btw, I'm have decent skin and am not chubby (both of which are fixable things).   Ok, I can agree that that is damnable behaviour. Where were all the people in this thread,though, when people from this subreddit were coming over to foreveralone and berating physically unattractive for not wanting to date other physically unattractive people? I saw no one in the original FA thread linked on here displaying any of these NiceGuy beliefs.   NiceGuys get criticized for only wanting an attractive women (dismissing unattractive women), while simultaneously acting upset when attractive women aren't interested in the (unattractive) NiceGuy. Their blatant double standard, which they are completely blind to, is the reason they get mocked.  But doesn't everyone do this? People are always responding favourably to attractive people and in turn treating unattractive people negatively. I don't think NiceGuys are the only ones guilty of it; we all are. I feel the same--I'm pretty ugly, but I know that if I dated an equally ugly girl, I'd be just as miserable as if I stayed alone, and I'd expect no less from them.    Ok, I get that. But is it really misogynistic to say that men aren't attracted to unattractive women and vice-versa? Don't you find that it a little hypocritical to damn men for wanting attractive women yet at the same time defend women for wanting attractive men?   I can see where you're coming from, thanks for the thoughtful response. I find myself doing the same sometimes when browsing places like creepypms.   I just don't understand why the entirety of /r/foreveralone was painted with this 'nice guy' brush as if we're all rabid misogynistic redpillers. Sure, there's some guys with anger towards women, but the vast majority of us aren't angry with women, we're just angry that we're alive.   I reckon.  And then they get angry and accuse us of 'demanding a supermodel' or some ridiculous bullshit. If I could turn off my sexual desire, I would.   Just discovered this sub from your brigading efforts over in /r/ForeverAlone, and was wondering why you're all so angry at Nice Guys.  Maybe I should preface this with the fact that, no, I'm not one of your "Nice Guys". I don't interact with women because I know they don't want to interact with me. I know that I don't 'deserve sex', don't blame women for my problems, yadda yadda.  So why so much hate for the socially inept? Most of these Nice Guys are people who didn't receive the social gratification many of you take for granted,but you earned that on your own, right? ;).   Does it make a lot of you angry that these men are failing in their intimate relationships because it was so easy for you?   I mean, I can understand calling out guys for being dicks to people, but what I don't understand is the hypocrisy in this sub.   I'd imagine the only difference between a "Nice Guy" and a "Normal Functioning Person as Dictated by this Sub" is that one is successful while the other is not? Or am I wrong? Are your efforts to find an intimate partner different because you 'worked hard' for them whilst these damned Nice Guys just expect everything to fall into their lap?  Now, don't misconstrue my words. I despise people demanding sex, but from what I've seen of this sub, a lot of the guys you mock are legitimately lamenting a lack of success in forming partnerships. Is that such a bad thing? Is that not what people do when faced with rejection? Lament, get angry, all those natural human responses?  I mean, many of you guys were coming into a sub full of people who have faced constant rejection ( and many of whom have also lost all hope) to condescend or mock them. I mean, do you actually think that "no one is ugly, just make yourself not ugly"?   Do you also tell homeless people to just make themselves not homeless? Or people in wheelchairs to just walk?     But she has a pretty face, no? All these things you have mentioned boil down to personal preference in regards to small things, but I bet if your wife looked like [this](http://1000funnypictures.com/wp-content/uploads/Ugly-Women-6.jpg) you would change your tune.   Look at her, mate, and tell me you'd love her for her personality.   Ah, figured out where the brigadiers were coming from. Allow me to retort, m'strawman.  I fully expect women of my attractiveness to reject me based off appearance as well. It's only natural. Why are you allowed to do it but not me? Because I was born ugly? Because I don't deserve someone I find attractive but you do? I'd imagine anyone, regardless of their genitalia, would react the same when faced with this dilemma, no?  My loneliness stems from this problem.   You're making suuuuuuuch a big deal, maaaan. Sex is so easy to get, why don't you see that? I just click me fingers and a chick opens her legs. Get rid of that fedora, breh.  /s, btw.  	50
 That's a good idea,I thought about having a talk with him about how I'd prefer male pronoms after letting the "coming out" news sink in but casually bringing it up in a " hey it's he/him" manner without making a big deal out of it seems way more natural to me so I'm going to do that. :)  Thanks for the advice !   Damn OP,the last sentence of your post. I feel the same way,I'm a bit younger than you are but I relate entirely.  About your goals.. take small steps and allow yourself to fail sometimes. Every little change will get you closer to what you want.   Actually I think "seemed" really nice and open-minded would have been a better choice of words.    Damn :/  Did you try calling him out on his shit ? Without outing yourself if you are not ready but sometimes it can work,hoped it would on my friend and it sadly didn't. Worked just fine with another friend through ! If you still want to be friends with him it can be worth a try,but honestly he doesn't seem to be a nice person to be around.   	4
       Great idea!! Will try this too...   PRODUCTS USED ON FACE:  * NYX Pore Filler * NYX HD Primer Base * NYX HD Foundation - Nude * NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette * NYX Baked Blush Bronzer + Illuminator - Solstice * NYX Avant Pop! Shadow Palette - Art Throb * NYX Eyeshadow Prismatic Shadow - Bedroom Eyes * NYX Tame and Frame Brow Pomade - Chocolate * Maybelline Line Express Eyeliner - Ebony Black  * NYX Wicked Lippie - Cold Hearted      Oh ._. sorry.   Thanks! Was curious about it. I have lots of time so I wanted to experiment with it...   I have looked into it - I wanted to hear from people who have used it on reddit.   Has anyone tried this?? What are your thoughts on Younique products?   Yeah... that's something that I don't want to do, lol. I'd like to find one foundation that I can stay with but if it means to combine two colors... then here goes nothing.  I haven't try that yet but I think I will.  Hmmm.  	10
 Thanks. You are right I should find out if I am actually helping him or not. If not I am just wasting his and my time. Yes I think his threats are real. Especially since they are not really threats, just him telling me how he feels and felt for years. I've tried to rationally asses if I am helping him by some harder endpoints in a [reply](http://www.reddit.com/r/Buddhism/comments/2zzjkb/my_boyfriend_wants_to_kill_himself_xpost_from/cpo3bcm)...  I wonder if a therapist would be able to help me help him with only the information he'd get from me. I am scared that I am biased and not objective... But I guess it would be worth a try. If I can't get my boyfriend to get into therapy again, then I'll be the proxy...  I certainly don't think I am the best person to help him! Best would be two dozen of professionals plus a better girlfriend (someone with at least a sexual desire). And I try to find a way to find a girlfriend for him... since he gave up on that and does not seem to want someone else... I am just the best bad option available I guess...   Are you maintaining the status quo for him, so you can avoid your own guilty feelings if he chooses to end his life?   This is exactly what I am scared of. That helping him all these years was actually something selfish... How do I find out?   I am sorry you went through something similar..   As for anatta.. I understood it the way that the "self" is constantly changing and dependent on so many influences, so that it does not make any sense wanting to describe it as something existing in itself. Like wanting to define a wave. Maybe I got that wrong.. as I said, I am not a experienced Buddhist and spent my day with physiology instead of sutras mostly... My sentence was some sort of misplaced humour I guess... Sorry!  	1
 "actively sabotage" lol. He offered her food. That's about it. He didn't fill her food with hidden chocolate and neither did he shove down pizza down her throat when she was asleep. There's NO point of his behavior that would have done anything if she just said "no thanks."  Also, would be interesting to know how exactly you know that this exact couple needs expert help on this exact topic. How do you draw the line between "couple can solve this themselves" and "therapist necessary"?   Honestly, /r/relationships is going full rant mode on that one again. I don't think that red flag - therapy - divorce - no contact is a good and healthy solution for everything, but that is what this sub votes for at even the slightest sign of a disagreement in a relationship.  Of course it was not the best way to sabotage your diet - but I guess he knew that you would be shocked if he would have talked honestly to you. Maybe he also hoped that you are not that serious about dieting and you would quit it sooner or later if he would not involve. Again, of course not right, but for me, understandable.   After all, it is your body and it is important that you feel comfortable with it - so if you wanna go through with it, you should. But I don't really think his behaviour is THAT worrying. As you mentioned in other comments, it does not appear to be a dealbreaker to him - so I don't really see why he would continue this stuff after you have called him out and asked him to stop. If he continues to ignore your wishes, you should start worrying, but currently, it seems just like a "He didnt know how to say it" issue to me.    This is (one reason) why I fucking love living in a country with free healthcare. That shit doesnt work here matey!    championsuggest: euw deathpact angel   History. Actually I'm in 2nd semester already, but better late than never is guess...?    How exactly can an identical twin be more attractive than the other? I mean...are you not like, looking the same?    When he's listening to music and - unawarely, i suspect - starts humming to it. A little dreamy and so happy about a little thing. Makes me happy everytime :)    A fox or a lynx i think   Gotta be the obvious dude here and call Watership Down (the Movie). I can't even watch that shit today without feeling very intimidated. and, at least in my country, its free to watch for children aged 6 and above. if i watched this at age 6, i'd be so freaking traumatized     Or version 3:  "Hey mom, how long until dinner?"  "until you make yourself some you lazy ass."  :(   When playing online games, I'd love to team up with my party members via TeamSpeak or similiar -  to play coordinated and have someone to talk to, because gaming can sometimes feel very lonely.  However, after all the "Omg you're a girl", "Do you have a boyfriend" and "go to the kitchen" reactions I was tired of it. It seems to be pretty hard for some people to accept that it does not really matter in that context what fkn gender i am.   EDIT: It's really funny how I now have a shit ton of PM's of guys asking me to play with them. also asking if i DO have a boyfriend. guys plz.  Oh, and also, I am aware that there's a lot of nice gamer guys out there. But as with everything, those are not the ones who stand out, and just one dickhead in a group can ruin the entire experience.   	11
 If you are in IT you'll eventually be able to telecommute ;)  Anyone who complains about traffic in Austin has obvously never been stuck on the beltway at Westheimer during a rush-hour traffic accident.  You think Austin is bad? If you hit that intersection in Houston like that you won't be home until 9:30 at night.   There will never be a shortage of engineering work here. Electrical, hydraulic, petroleum, all kinds of industrial work - especially on the coast in the refineries and in the oil fields.  Texas is also home to something like 20 nuclear power plants.   If you want to make friends quickly, which you will anyway, bring a case or three of your best beer.  If you want to make money in Texas and always have a place to work no matter where you go then you'll want to look at mechanical engineering. There will always be machines to build here.  If you want to make a real impact, look at the renewable engery initiatives. There's some pretty big solar farms here, and thousands and thousands of wind turbines.  I personally have found IT to be a bit crowded. Lots of people apply for any open job, but the pay is outstanding and comparable to west coast rates, depending on how good you are. If you have an interest in computers, leverage it by minoring in computer science so you can major in your passion and use the computers as a tool to cultivate your happiness no matter what scientific field you wander into.   Houston has more IT jobs than Austin does just because it's so big, but Austin is arguably a better place to work.     There's a lot of beautiful women in Texas.  Take the Gulf Coast for example. She's a shimmering example of easy going and fast paced all rolled up into one.  Then there's the border. She's got what you need whether it's food, booze, wild times, or all three.  Central Texas is a real beauty. She'll take you anywhere you want to be in Texas in a couple three hours.  The weather is the finicky one. If she wants me to tan up in January I'll be on the beach in Brownsville, but if she's feeling frigid I'll be throwing snowballs in the panhandle.  Plenty of good times to go around. Her bright nightlife is the place to take her when she's all dressed up with everywhere to go.  But my favorite is the way she lays down a stretch of I-10. One minute she'll be a fleeting smile on the highway and the next she's miles from nowhere.  What a gem.   I've seen telecommuting policies fail, and I understand why it happened. It's a new thing and the best practices are often not well understood, and moreover, implemented properly in accordance with business needs. You don't want your director of HR working from home, but letting a few high performers in the call center go home for three days a week, with a robust plan for monitoring performance, should be something tax breaks and other subsidies need to account for. When financial considerations are given to a business for allowing workers to telecommute, checks and balances need to be in place that guarantee some level of success for not just the business, but for the roads as well. Think: small business loan. You've got to prove you are going to make money to get that loan.  This is one aspect of our working lives that is going to grow from the ground up in this generation of professionals, and it's up to us to make sure they understand what it's going to take to realize the benefits.  When I say spread out, I didn't mean to imply any simplistic concept of sprawl. I'm very much in line with your idea of compact business districts with ideal access to residential areas and supporting services, I just don't like the idea of having 300 skyscrapers in five square miles that everyone is trying to get to all at once. Where are those flying cars we were promised? Ah, they are still stuck in those Sci-Fi movies, flying around in cities full of giant... buildings. It seems the buildings managed to materialize though the technology to support that population center model did not.  I think, in this light, that "spreading out" would be a good thing, but again we've never been able to, or even had to plan for a population like this before. It's all new ground and anything we can do towards the bigger picture of wasting less time and energy on unnecessary daily activities is going to help. Prolonging the inevitable by supplying people with the functional means to *barely* make it to work on time and back is counterproductive.  If the transportation system in Texas is not adequate, and we don't have the means to modify it to become far more efficient and effective, then the only obvious alternative is to look at the source of this dreaded freeway congestion, and that's the millions of hours Texan's spend commuting. Much like aspects of modern medicine, the symptom is treated in the name of profit for a few while the cause of the disease is ignored at the expense of many. That's the perception much of the public holds of our transportation system when we pay to drive through the middle of nowhere down the fastest, and arguably one of the least travled tollways in the country.  I'd like to see a more comprehensive plan with a little more innovation than just "its going to have the capacity to replace X lanes of traffic". Again, there has to be an incentive that makes sense in more way than one before people are going to get on board with it, so to speak. I'm not talking about giving away free toasters. I'm talking about needing corrective answer as to why businesses were not incensed to build along that toll road before it was routed through that veritable wilderness.  Give the employees an opportunity to ride that road for free if the business uses telecommuters. It can tie together in the end, it always does.     I have taken the Red Line a couple of times and it was a real pain to get anywhere from where I got dropped off towards Leander. There isn't even public transportation down Parmer, even though there are dozens of apartment complexes past Mopac, and half a dozen more being built *right now*. NE Austin in particular has been widely ignored in this regard. It's oversight like that which defeats my vote.   That is to say, your logic about only connecting two population centers is very well grounded in reality. One must not forget to service the intermediate area. I get it, believe me.  Please don't ever say "synergy". It's much worse of a buzzword than "telecommuting", and I'm wondering what serious initiatives, as serious as that Red Line debacle, have been put forth to spur the work-from-home impetus for employers? The only reason something like that fails is because the financial aspect of it doesn't make sense in the end.  This is the kicker: I have deliberately modified my career to be able to engineer VoIP and IP Networks *just so I can work from home*, or anywhere for that matter. I am lucky to have wound up in that area of work I guess. What I'm saying is that the befenits to businesses that can *rely* on telecommuting as a way of maintaining a workforce don't materialize on their bottom line, and as such the tax breaks, particularly for larger businesses, are not sufficient.  I'd be interested in seeing any study that showed what percentage of the people at one of the tall buildings downtown could do their work from home most days. Correlate that with how many hours they spend on the road and what that waste of energy does for drain on tax bucket.  I bet it's close enough for knobs to be turned. Obviously I am not some political major that understands every aspect of State Government or Civil Engineering, but I do feel the effects when there is a problem, and I did my part to solve it while pumping a little of my own money through this economy. I just wish others were as inclined to do the same and start asking their manager's if they can work from home.  If your manager says "yes", go home *and do a better job*. It's not as simple as just letting someone fly away and not be seen but only heard from via email. In order for telecommuting to work, there has to be *infrastructure* for it, and this is what I mean by serious initiative. You need comprehensive plans in video conferencing and bandwidth allocation to make that work. I had a camera pointed at me all day, and I could see and hear three coworkers too. It's great, like working on the Space Station or something. Where telecommuting fails is when you get a) lazy employees, and b) distant employees in terms of participation. One can be just as effective over a video conference as one can be in person unless you need to do something like... shake hands? It's a matter of perspective that makes it work, but unfortunatley, as you've pointed out, not many share this perspective.  I also get where building new roads is problematic. All I have to do is look at how they built that toll road that nobody uses way out in BFE to know that they had problems doing so.  People in Central Texas are simply going to have to face the fact that we need to spread out, or yes, this place is going to look like Los Angeles and *then* Detroit. I'll be one of the first to move even though I don't generally need to be on the road every day. Sitting in traffic for more than a few minutes a day just to go to a job in a cube where you don't talk to anyone face to face all day is so banal and demeaning.    I always wondered how a school like UT would need to look anywhere else but on campus to find qualified IT personnel. They want someone with an education, right? Combo of experience *and* accredited education accepted?  How about 15 years of industry experience and having traveled the world?   I hadn't read the article. I just assumed it was another hare-brained scheme to make money and piss people off like every other aspect of public transportation. Turns out it has "been on the back burner" forever, like it's not important or something.  It's called being disenfranchised. It's a natural reaction to all the bullshit I've seen come out of Austin in the name of mass transit for the last two decades or longer.  I really don't see these passenger cars taking a significant load off of I-35 that will put a dent in the traffic problem over a long term. We have this commuter rail thing and look at Mopac and 35, not just at rush hour, but any time. Has that helped? Probably a little but it's not nearly enough to ease the congestion.  What's needed is NEW ROADS and TELECOMMUTING TAX WRITEOFFS. They can build all the rails they want next to the roads, and save a metric shit ton of energy by letting people, ahem, ME, work from home. And I still think they should fine people for driving through Austin down 35 instead of taking the toll way.   Everyone and their mother who makes money off of delivering content to your home besides your ISP is going to be against this.   One can only hope. I am the only person I know who is all about liberty or death when it comes to this; I'll cut the cord before Google charges me to look at ads and Comcast charges me to download them. I am a network engineer. I know how the fucking Internet works and what costs money and what doesn't. What Comcast is doing, and the general direction the Internet is going, is absolute bullshit.  This is what I miss about the old Internet. Textfiles.org used to have a giant zipfile of some of the most god-awful and some of the best DIY stuff ever written, but it was something tangible. Once you downloaded that thing, and better yet, managed to find a way to print it up before a nuclear apocalypse wiped out electricity for good, you were set to survive it.  Time to set up that FreeBSD repository and the Wikipedia mirror I've always wanted to run before it's too late.  Edit: [This is totally do-able at 10.5 TB.](http://dumps.wikimedia.org/other/static_html_dumps/)   Yeah, all my money goes to Reddit, and then the links start disappearing because I can't donate to 70,000,000 websites.   Having additional charges on top of the manslaughter because a police cruiser was used has the same net effect. There should be more of a penalty for this situation.   Awesome. A four hour train ride to go 60 miles, with the bonus of being probed and harassed by the TSA all the time.  They should just start fining people who drive all the way through Austin without stopping on 35 instead of taking the toll road.   A basic tenet of equality is that things are unfair when the playing field is leveled. It's the reason you don't see the Miami Midgets playing for the NFL - they would get beating pretty badly, wouldn't they?  So give the rest of the populace a police cruiser, a badge, and a gun, and only then can this be about equality. Cops should absolutely be judged with a discriminating eye. For one, they are rarely convicted, and two, there are hardly any cases where additional charges have been brought about.  It's either that or riots. Take your pick.      Bullshit. If you are put into a position of public trust to protect human life, and you abuse that trust by taking it for personal gain (ie, "kicks" in this fucker's case), then you should be punished in that context, not the context of someone not sworn to uphold the law.   It's ok. The Mexican Military will have this under control. I'm sure they won't have a problem killing unarmed civilians in the name of national security. They've already been doing it in the name of profit for a long time.   Most people aren't given a gun and badge in the process.  There should be additional charges thrown at this man because he is in a position of public trust.  Something like a tribunal would be a good start.   The man should not be allowed near a gun, nor a set of car keys ever again. It is a gross abuse of authority and taxpayer funds that only causes civil unrest, the worst abuse of power law enforcement can produce.  It is here to stay and we all know it. Our society as a whole is built upon a way of life where killing was the only way to survive. In order to overcome our primitive upbringing as a species we must first take an honest look at where we came from. Once a sobering effect is felt we can dismamtle and rebuild those aspects of our need for law and order from what was once barbarism and moral terpitude into something more congruent with the fact that we are a race of beings designed for killing yet have the potential to travel the universe.   This causes riots, which causes more police, which causes more hiring mistakes, which causes more asshole cop, which causes more riots...  I say hangem high.   I think assholes live in every country.   Good thing I am averse to semen. Better let our wives know this is a thing though...  ---  Update: asked my wife not to touch semen from India. She said "ok".   I have not read an article with that much slant in a long time.  Anyway, fuck those cops. If you have no clue how to handle people with mental problems then you have mental problems and shouldn't be allowed to wield authority, let alone a gun.   Good Lord don't scare them off. You seem like your head works much like mine does.  That shit is TERRIFYING and causes PTSD.    Lucid dreaming, or the onset of awareness, often involes a trigger of some sort to clue in the dreamer that what they are experiencing is actually in their head. The rest is pretty natural, and it seems humans are pretty good at controlling their environment when given all the means necessary - such as those found inside one's own mind during a dream.  I've always wanted to fly and can remember having those dreams since I was very young. At some point in a dream I would find myself running, and gravity itself seemed... different. At least for me. Seconds later I am off and running, taking longer and longer strides until I sail into the air at breakneck speeds.  I've flown across the Universe in my dreams since. Today I no longer need a trigger per se. I have had enough practice to pick up on far less obvious aspects of my surroundings or sense of self to know when I am dreaming. That is, when to take advantage of the fact that I am dreaming.  Just last night I was floating around town. It was great, but some of the more powerful lucid dreams I have had involve creating entire worlds, ecosystems, cities... very much a reason for me to go to bed early and wake up late.  Remember the triggers. Remember to perform reality checks on yourself from time to time as it may develop into a habit which activates itself even while dreaming.  Good luck. Maybe I'll see you up there ;)   I am told that early this AM, as I lay in my bed about to sleep off a considerable amount of alcohol, that I complained about, among other things, the distance between my side of the bed and the nearest toilet. I then, allegedly, promptly unzipped my pants, rolled onto my side, and urinated directly onto the shag carpet for approximately 4 minutes straight. In the ensuing conversation I was somehow able to justify this terrible behaviour, assuring my SO, in spite of her protests, that it was very normal and acceptable for me and by me to be doing this, ie "no, it really is ok". I was also allegedly very nice about the whole ordeal, which makes this a little more believable if you know me.  I do not recall this event, but there is, however, ample "evidence" that said event did occur on or near my side of the bed at a mean distance of approximately two feet from where my penis would have been.  There is also a foul smelling cell phone, to which my SO is referring as "Exhibit A", which can be proven to have experienced water damage, but whether or not the damage is actually from my urine, human urine, or even urine at all is not provable with any technology at my immediate disposal.  Disclaimer: This is not an admission of guilt.  ---  Edit: Whoa.. I was just trying to get this off my chest. All of this voting over some hearsay?   Damn. It's never Colorado.   Is it in Colorado?   Possiblity 1)  Sparky get's mugged leaving LAX and winds up homeless and dies.  Possibility 2)  Sparky makes it to Las Vegas in a rented convertible with a suitcase full of drugs and winds up winning $850,000 on the roulette wheel. Develops cocaine habit. Dies.  Possibility 3)  Sparky uses his money wisely and invests in an education in a city with relatively low living costs and higher demand for whatever burger flipping skills Sparky developed in SE Asia. Sparky graduates, gets a job, a wife, a family, cancer, then dies.   In other news: 250 billion barrels of sweet crude discovered 10 feet below the surface of North Korea   Don't these assholes realize that these kids have parents who might lose it and shoot them in the face for doing things like this to their children?   My father lived inside a telephone, and so does my son. As I needed a father, I am denied fatherhood.   Now see the black feathers of ash from my broken dreams escape my desperate grasps, floating to the floor through ghostly, powerless, nonexistent hands.   Loss is my fatherless childhood becoming my son's as I falter into these puddles tragic and tumultuous, witnessing the world through my father's tired eyes.   [The Fordyce Bathhouse](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bathhouse_Row#mediaviewer/File:Fordyce_Baths_Hot_Springs_1984.jpg)   http://www.crimecasefiles.com/forum/forensics/13411-the-body-farm.html  The Body Farm   Tim Burton's house.  ^^pizza   ^pizza   Damn   Petoskey Stone http://www.michiganscience.org/15583   FTA  **The Petoskey stone was made the state stone of Michigan by** legislative action. House Bill 2297 was signed by then-Gov. **George Romney** in 1965, thus elevating this fossil to the prestigious position it now holds around the world as something one must seek, find or purchase when visiting Michigan.   Ok.. I got this.  Michigan's state fossil is the mastadon.  The guy in the picture is a businessman/politician. Likely a republican.  A pachyderm.  Pachyderms taste good on pizza.  ?   [Mission Accomplished](http://i.imgur.com/xQdkBTC.jpg)   I will ask r/anthropology if they can reconstruct what he may have looked like when he was alive.   Well, eggs don't sound very yummy an hour after that omelette, but I'll humor you and google for something besides food.   OH THE GUY IS THE FOSSIL!  edit: can't be. has nothing to do with food.   Ok so far this thread has devolved into a discussion about food.  But there is a connection.  OP's hints:  It has to do with Michigan (an oven mitt)  The singers are The Supremes (great pizza)  I will update this thread when someone figures out how to contrive the "fossil" into this cheesy madness.   [Ah, the supremes](https://www.google.com/search?q=supreme+pizzassource=lnmstbm=ischsa=X).  Can totally get the connection here.   Nono.. you are just imagining things because you are hungry.  Michigan is the oven mitt. Be careful not to bite yourself tonight while cooking your pizza.   Can we have a hint? Like what food these people are really eating that's obviously just out of frame.   I had eggs earlier. This sub is turning out to be OK in my book.  I made an omelette with leftover pizza toppings. The pizza was kinda gross but the toppings whipped right up into an awesome omelette.   Bacon... nation!   Pizza is my guess.   When people say "This aint Burger King" I always think "Thank God".  Sorry for teasing you. [This should take away your appetite.](http://imgur.com/qmE46lF) (NSFL)   Hamburger   [Courtesy of r/food](http://i.imgur.com/hY59T.jpg)  	51
 Thank you, a lot that you said (minus the quote) are things I've heard from my therapist and psych but hearing (reading?) it from someone here somehow feels more personal and inspiring. All I can really say to everyone is thank you, I'm very grateful for the support.  And yes, my mom has difficulty with depression. She treats it + me with it + the meds, hell, all of it, like something so dirty and shameful. :/   That makes perfect sense, and I hope it turns out that way. The thing is, I told my psych that I've been depressed multiple times in my life and he drew the conclusion that it was likely hereditary and therefore an issue I was always going to have. (chemical and not environmental) So if I weened off, chances are I'd have to get back on at some point. So, I suppose this is something I need to come to better terms with. Again, I'm not ashamed, just afraid of dependency.  	2
 found the windows phone user   Good idea. Also, as bad as my grades are, because as stated before I'm apparently a fucking idiot or can't school or whatever, I'm wondering how much should I space it out. Yeah I could work 2 part time 20hr a week jobs and take 3 classes a semester, but as said, if I get 2 more C's I'm out. I need to fund myself, but more importantrly if I'm going to make this gamble I need to improve my shitty self 200%    Even at 24k + living expenses (in the city)?  Edit: I'm about 60k under already   Fucking birds. How dare they make pretty noise. How the fuck do they make pretty noise? The cats just going to eat them anyway.   Power through to PhD? It's incredibly unlikely. Even with the meds, the therapy, etc. I dont know I can make it like this without... well... I don't think I can make it that far.  	5
 I've actually considered writing a book on my experiences and the ideas that have ran through my head. There are a lot of 'em.   I'm not going anywhere soon, that's for sure. Like I said, I'm no harm to myself and haven't ever really been.   	1
 that's not intentional murder though, just an unfortunate accident    no    apparently the average person walks past 6 murderers in their lifetime, I reckon I have met one before but it is still unlikely that i did   	3
 i often feel like "i cant wait for this day to be over so i can get in bed and forget about it" . i often look at my watch and feel sad when it's only midday because im so far away from getting to go to bed. Ive been known to get in at 6pm. I dont even know why I'm writing all this shit here  	1
 I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety when I was 15. After about a year and a half of trying a dozen or so different medications, I was FINALLY prescribed something that seemed to help. I was feeling much better, my self harm stopped/suicidal thoughts stopped, I became more social, I could focus on school/get things done. Then my mom noticed that I wasn't eating as much as I used to, and decided to do some research about the medication I was on.  She made me stop taking it immediately afterwards. She said that there was something called 'amphetamines' in it, and that it was bad (I know what it means now, lol).   A couple months later I attempted suicide, and was put on a few more anti-depressants that did nothing for me until I moved away for college, and haven't been on anything since. I'm at a point right now where my boyfriend is literally begging me to get help, because of my current mental state. I've scheduled an appointment with a counselor, and I will be seeing a psychiatrist soon after. I really do not want to go through countless meds that I know will do nothing for me, but I don't want to seem like a drug seeker. I know I exhibit symptoms of ADD but they didn't come to surface until I was in middle school... so I highly doubt I will ever be diagnosed with it. I need help with how I would approach this subject with a psychiatrist.    	1
 Lumiose's center can be used as a never-ending walking loop if you just clip down some tweezers and leave it going.   http://imgur.com/7aC3XDu   D: Oh, it's you! On my frontpage!   Wow, what a coincidence. I just drove past your restaurant a couple days ago and was wondering what kind of pies were there. Sounds delicious. I'll definitely try it soon. :D   I just realized.. will steam add the four copies all to my inventory if I purchase or will it automatically add one to my library and only give me 3? I already have a copy and only want one for a buddy.   I'm willing to purchase the 4 pack if you guys are still looking for people. I only want one copy for a friend. I'm in the u.s.   I'm glad to see that so much understanding from fellow dog people. :3 I work in a research lab and my own Jake is a study animal that I adopted out. Whenever possible, we try to adopt our animals out. If not, then they are used for training purposes. The dogs are well cared for while they are in our possession. People always tend to give some dirty looks whenever animal research is brought up, but it's easy to criticize others for doing the dirty work that is necessary for everyone else to be able to benefit from medical advances.   It would have been nice not to have this spoiler right in the title.   I saw this at Battle and Brew the other night. ^^ Nice job. It looks amazing!      Thanks so much for this. I've been flip-flopping about whether or not to buy Tera forever, but this pretty much sealed the deal. :D  	10
 That's done here as well, the Netherlands.   Same goes for me. Absolute worst part of this all happens before I get out of bed, which means I won't get up til like.. 3pm.  Edit: typo   Well fuck me and my yogurt.   My parents count their farts every evening. My mum almost always wins.   Aww Cherry looks adorable!   House getting burned down while everyone's asleep...   Dat is toch hoe het hoort te zijn? ;)   Oh, bugger. I think Cauli must've rebound them for me then because mine were still linked.   It's one click in the book binder GUI, I believe it's a left-click.   It's probably marked with a death marker for now :P That's how I tend to make waypoints for hungry nodes.   Vazkii is aware in a sense that there's already been an update that fixes the unbinding flowers.   Build 192 of Botania (released a few days ago) contains a fix for the unbinding flowers.   There has been an update to Botania a few days ago. Build 192 solves the mana spreader replacing/flower unbinding issues. I don't have an issue with the mana mirror and I've never seen a person wear a tiara on their skin, just the wings on their back.  I recommend updating Botania to fix your first two problems and reporting the other two issues to Vazkii's github page.   Happy Birthday Kurt, and great banner /u/IlI4n!   Hardest part is recreating the blue glow, I think.    I play minecraft on a modded server and a player wanted to reconstruct Blackreach. He never got around finishing it :(   This is 8 years ago, I was 12 or 13 years old. I barely had a mobile phone back then and I had it in my bag like I always did for tests. Teacher didn't have a fact straight, classmates tried to back me up, ended up with the 0% and detention anyway. :(   I had to do a test later than everyone else because I was sick on the original day of the test. Teacher put me in a separate room and didn't check on me. I made the test and handed it all in, got the full 100% and she didn't believe me. "You must have used your phone." Gave me 0% and detention.   This is deep.   Wow wat lang! Ik had een half uurtje (half 5 tot 5) waarin ik juist niet gebeld moest worden, 4 jaar geleden.   I just watched Millbee/dadbee and I think it was Chad then. Don't remember a star from dadbee at that part of the track.      Not me, but other people on the server have used minechem in various ways to produce powers. One guy converted feathers into Uranium for a Big Reactor, someone else ran off of carrots from pretty early on.   You need 5 stones with 1 spectre, 5 stones with 1 banshee and 5 stones with 1 poltergeist. Because it's a detection task, it'll go from 0% to 100% when you have all 5 of a type.   See sidebar: /r/feedthebeastservers   Will do tomorrow, I'm busy tonight. Thanks.   Yep, we have it. It becomes day on our server if 50% of the players online who are in the overworld are either in bed or below y=63 (counts as miners) and it's both great and annoying sometimes haha. People who are a bit more end game sometimes need the night to find a mob or to activate a division sigil while players who just started want to sleep through the night.   OpenBlocks sleeping bag has only caused issues on our server. It glitches out, kills people and doesn't generate a gravestone :( But yeah there are a lot of nifty things in those mods!   If you have the mod Random Things installed, you should take a look at the biome painter :) I'm thinking of bringing every biome to my bees   Yes, depth and details. I love working around with microblocks for a bit of detailing on the walls and I often use stairs for depth into the wall. (Don't know if that makes sense, I can show a screenshot later if needed.) My main issue is always to choose a few building blocks. :(   Bedankt voor de tip! Ik heb gelukkig geen lening, ik betaal alleen een half jaar extra collegegeld. Heb eigenlijk geen flauw idee of ik nog een half jaar recht heb op studiefinanciering maar geloof het wel.  Dat laatste klopt als een bus. Dat is de reden waarom ik niet direct weer aan een stage ben begonnen, maar rustig de tijd neem om iets te vinden wat bij me past voor over een aantal maanden. Wat betreft je andere reactie, nah het is goed voor nu. Ik denk dat ik zo toch nog even ga proberen wat slaap te vatten. Bedankt voor het gesprek, en mocht je zelf ook nog in bed kruipen straks, welterusten! (Zo niet, fijne dag vandaag!)   Beide, denk ik? Beetje een lang verhaal. Een trigger gevolgd door een hoop stress en een wirwar aan gevoelens. Uiteindelijk stage en relatie beeindigd op dezelfde dag. Ik start in september met een nieuwe stage en heb nu een half jaar studievertraging na de eerste drie jaar van mijn studie cum laude te hebben afgesloten :/   Ik wil er zsm langs gaan. Ben niet lang geleden verhuisd en moet me nog bij de beste man inschrijven... Indien mogelijk wil ik dan direct de bom laten vallen dat ik op zoek ben naar een psycholoog.  Ik ben niet eerder gegaan omdat ik eerst vond dat het wel goed met me ging. "Het komt wel goed, dit heeft gewoon tijd nodig." Alleen heb ik absoluut niks meer om voor op te staan, ik heb geen ritme meer en ben tijdelijk op mezelf aangewezen. Dat viel toch zwaarder dan verwacht. Ik ben vastberaden om m'n leven weer op te pakken maar ik weet dat ik dat niet alleen kan.   Ik wil en durf het wel, het is gewoon een kwestie van doen op het moment. Soms kan ik me er niet toe zetten om mezelf uberhaupt uit bed te slepen die dag, andere dagen vergeet ik het simpelweg. Mijn doel is om er komende week langs te gaan. Verder heb ik die week geen verplichtingen, behalve dat m'n ouders langs komen op zaterdag. Moet kunnen, toch?   Nee, ik zit nog steeds overeind bij m'n laptop. Het is al licht buiten en de vogels fluiten. :( Vanmiddag rond een uur of 3 zit ik te gapen, zul je zien.   Hey, thanks voor deze woorden. Ik zal het zeker onthouden. :)   Sad, but true.   Altijd is Kortjakje ziek, more Sinterklaas songs, hmm.. Slaap, kindje, slaap!   Ik zit in een vergelijkbare situatie. Ik kom erg lastig uit bed/op gang en zorg zelfs slecht voor mezelf. Mijn gedachten nemen geregeld de vrije loop met me, uiteraard de verkeerde richting in, vooral als ik mij eenzaam voel en 's avonds laat. Mijn dag/nacht ritme is bijna omgedraaid naar een nacht/dag ritme. Ik ben al een paar maanden de moed aan het verzamelen om naar mn huisarts te stappen en naar een psycholoog te vragen omdat ik weet dat dat waarschijnlijk het beste voor me is. Je bent niks verplicht, maar ik zou er wel over nadenken. Sterkte ermee, en als je ooit wilt praten, kun je me een bericht sturen.  Edit: flinke typfout omdat mijn toetsenbord op Engels staat. Niet belangrijk.   Als ik zelf de radio aan zet, 3fm. Mijn vader heeft hem op Arrow Classic Rock (digitale zender) wat ook absoluut niet slecht is. Op het werk staat ie op Q-music :(   Haven't seen it, happened when school was closed, but one girl committed suicide by jumping off the roof of our school. It took me years before I could walk around that side of the building again.   I just whisperer "Wow..." to myself. I'm going to steal this when I start Botania on the server I play on!   Dadbee's joy after the last race :)   I use Kurt's "Indeed!" purely because it's also the name of the modded community I'm part of at the moment, and we use it quite often just for fun. Never gets old, funny enough. Sometimes I use Generik's "Take care, brush your hair, I'll see ya when I see ya!" or Doc's "Aaaaallllright guysssss"   My dad called Dani Alves a Pokemon because of his haircut.   This is both fun and hard to watch. With 4 screens split on one, I don't know where to watch! I had to replay the finish of the Airport race because I wasn't watching Kim or Martyn and didn't understand what was going on :(   My latest solution: watch Kung Fury   Heb hem ontvangen (2nd gen moto G) maar had hem boven aan de lader liggen. Niet gekeken of het stipt 12:00 was en geen idee of hij alleen trilde of ook loeide.   I am being very serious here.   I had problems, they were there to help me and I didn't accept their help. They walked away from me, of course.   Brought my bike to the repair shop, left my key bundle in, only to find out when I got home (30mins train and 10mins on my second bike later). Went back, shop closed 10 minutes before I got there. Couldn't get into my own house for a couple more hours. There were many important keys on that bundle. Second bike key was the only key I had left that day.   I get 70 down, 10 up at home. Netherlands.   My voice.   I'm the same. I don't tell many people how I feel about myself but the people I do tell keep saying I'm great at xyz, I'm awesome, etc. Having a hard time believing them.   It was just dogs for me. My parents say I've been ran over by a giant Danish dog when I was 2 years old. I remember nothing and I'm doing way better now around dogs.   I have quite some savings on a separate bank account. I would look for a small apartment, finish my bachelor's degree and then look for a job.   I was dead afraid of dogs when I was young. One day after school I got chased by a dog that had escaped the house. It was barking too, all black with sharp teeth :( It followed me all the way to my house.   Causes - Teach Me How To Dance With You. Beautiful yet sad song from a Dutch band.   Ask me how I'm doing today. Keep a conversation going, listen to what I tell and if I don't say much, keep asking questions until I loosen up.   One of my best friends in elementary school, who suddenly left, contacted me again after a couple years, and asked me after a couple weeks of chatting out of the blue. Wonder how long he had been thinking about me. I believe I broke his heart because he never spoke to me again after that.   Go and see a doctor. You need help.   I'm not kidding. I have a small list of things that I actually need to get checked + I might need to be treated for this depression. I've called a doctor, had to fill in a form to register and come bring it. Its been a month now, I still have to bring him that piece of paper.   Be a better friend.   When friends decide to go do something fun with someone else while they were just talking to me, or we were about to do that exact thing, but then leave me behind without saying anything. Am I not interesting ?   Hugs    Darude sandstorm?   Friend of jolli here. This world has been up for about 3.5 months.   This is what probably happened to me and my family years ago. I was young and woke up in the middle of the night because of a flickering orange light through my curtains. Turns out our hedge was on fire and the fire was about to spread onto the houses. (Block of 8 connnected, we're the third from the left) I woke up my parents who woke up my sister, all of our neighbours and called the emergency line. They could not find the cause of the fire, it must have been a cigarette from our neighbour as he's a smoker. I possibly saved multiple lives that night.   Well this is a long time ago for me. Been busy with my internship, I should be graduating right now but I lost the internship so I'm delayed for half a year. Also broke up after a relationship of just over 2.5 years. Filling my time with being an admin on a modded minecraft server and looking for a new internship.. Slowly getting back into Mindcrack but I'm completely out of the loop.   Hello, I am part of a small community called Indeed (www.indeedcommunity.com) and we host AS2. We are a mature community, generally 21+ years old and we are a very close group due to the use of a big Skype group that is integrated with IRC, so in-game chat and people on skype can also talk to each other directly.  At the moment we have two servers running with 8 islands each and I have one slot left. If you are still looking for a place to play AS2, feel free to check out our website and fill in an application on the forums. I am happy to help you out from there :)   The one reason my hands and arms are covered in tiny scars.      I woke up in the middle of the night because of a flickering orange glow through my curtains. I opened them and saw that our hedge was on fire. It was about to spread to our house, my room. Went to my parents who called 911, I was 7 years old. I probably saved multiple lives that night as we lived in connected houses. We woke up as many neighbours as possible. No one died that night.   Sounds good. Might throw in some screenshots of my current modded base. As I'm not that proud of it, never thought of making it its own thread, but now I'll ask for some ideas :)   I'd say try and post this to /r/admincraft    Same goes for the cactus seeds that you get from sieving sand! Threw me off as well.   Thank you, kind stranger. I hope all is well for you.   I am depressed, need to go and see a doctor. I'm in the process since yesterday but it took me a few months to just make the first call.   Teamspeak3   This made me think of Ashen's Loot Crate video for last month. "A F*CKING INFLATABLE CROWN."   I play on this same server and I can only agree with what jolli just posted here. You're allowed to prank, we even have a server that alternates pack+world every 6 weeks (kind of like forgecraft 2), we're a mature community (generally 21+) and I could go on for a long time.   It's probably their UUID's. Use a [UUID lookup tool](http://minecraft-techworld.com/uuid-lookup-tool) to find out which UUID belongs to which player.   This pisses me off so much.   I had a bunch of visual bugs this evening, which is unfortunate because it almost tripled my fps :( Doors didn't open visually (though you hear the sound and you can walk through), items in barrels weren't visible, I broke a couple crops that had weeds on them and they didn't disappear for me, and last but not least: I couldn't see my own gravestone.   That was amazing, thank you!   Thanks opop, great to hear that.    I always get this with witchery. Some mods just keep on giving. :)   Allocating too much can cause problems as well. Around 2-3gb should be enough.   That's the one. It helped me out a lot :)   I just used that ritual that rises nature around the altar, gave me more than I ever needed/expected.   Bump? :)   This is my first post (well comment) ever on this sub. Just wanted to let you know I'm exactly like you. Broke up with him 2.5 weeks ago after a 2.5 year long relationship and I feel better now. :)   Yeah, exactly. I'm looking for tips and tricks to handle Death that are all items or rituals or brews from Witchery itself :)   Maybe Garry's mod?   Hmm, alright then. Wasn't really planning on becoming a vampire. I'll have a look at the ender severance ring. Someone else told me about a Botania flower that prevents Endermen from teleporting, don't know if it stops Death from doing that, will have to test.   You can do that very easily. Our setup on Regrowth is just using floating hydroangeas (spelling?) to keep it open. Don't know how many exactly but they're not too expensive.   That's good to know, Botania is in the pack :) Thanks! Is it true he like sucks you in and you can't really fly away?   Is there an anti-teleportation trap in circle magic?!   Do you have any in-mod tips on how to fight the guy? Something small or big from the mod itself that can either buff me or deal some sort of damage to him? How did you manage to kill him 14 times?!   Can you give in-mod tips on how to fight that guy? I'm on Regrowth and there's not really any tech mods with OP armor sets. One of my last quests is to summon and kill him. I've got everything ready in terms of spectres, banshees, poltergeists, spirits and items. I just don't have the guts to do it :( Any tip small or big is helpful. I'm gonna have a look at infusions now, but there's also something to do with symbology? Is any type of familiar useful? Anything else? Some sort of brew?   Cool, thanks :D Great cake man!   I'm the listener. Very quiet but when any of them wants to get something off their chest, they come to me for a good talk.   Oooh show us the inside too!?  	103
 But aren't elected leaders SUPPOSED to represent the majority's views? I understand your point, though I personally see it as a good thing that politicians are willing to change to adhere to what the country wants and needs. The unwillingness of politicians to budge, see things a different way, or compromise on their beliefs to meet the needs of voters is irresponsible. It's part of the reason why our government has hardly gotten anything done, despite the massive amounts of social change occurring in the U.S.     To add to this, guys who get into drunken fights or who gang up on guys they don't like to intimidate them. If someone can't solve a problem without resorting to physically harming someone, they're batshit. Not only would I never date someone like that, I wouldn't even choose to associate myself with them.   Same here. I kiss everyone on the face, too. Every single person. Even the ones I don't know that well.      I add brown sugar or a piece of chocolate to my spaghetti sauce to kind of neutralize it--the tomatoes can be a little acidic at times, so this works well to balance it out!   I don't know the exact reason, but I've been told that spiders lay their eggs in banana plants sometimes. They're usually found at either end of the banana, not in the middle. That's why a lot of people don't eat the ends of their bananas!   If he's making those jokes on his own time, it's a different story. (Still racist, but at least people don't have to listen to it). But he was at the office, around people that he worked with, making really unprofessional remarks that easily imply to an employer that he cannot work with or for black people. If he can casually make a joke like that without thinking he could get in trouble for it, he is a liability to the company in the sense that if his words ever got out, or if he spoke to a customer that way, he would cause a PR nightmare for the company. It's absolutely within their right to fire him. They're protecting themselves.   Plot twist: number 89 isn't his wife.   Old, moldy food. My roommates always leave stuff in our fridge for weeks; because there are 6 of us, it gets pushed to the back and forgotten about really easily. And I'm always the one who ends up cleaning it out, because my roommates are kind of a lazy bunch. I've seen some disgusting stuff, including vegetables that had rotted so much they were basically liquified.  If it's in tupperware, I usually try to clean it out, but there was one time where I opened something up and the smell made me gag even though I was holding my breath. And it wasn't even a normal gagging sound, either. It was a violent, loud, gag/yell that came out of my mouth completely involuntarily. I closed the lid and just threw the whole thing out without trying to salvage the tupperware it was in. I still don't even know what was in it. I asked my roommates and none of them had answers. I'm starting to feel nauseous just thinking about how long it must have been in there for everyone to forget about it completely.    I hate that smell. I hate beer to begin with (I'm allergic to it, but before I realized I had an allergy, I threw up EVERY time I drank it--even a small amount--so I kind of have the smell of it associated with puking). When I have to smell it, even if it's fresh, I have to get into a place with fresh air immediately.   They're talking about gristle, fat, tendons, etc. It's pretty common if the mean isn't good quality.   Bigotry? How do you mean? I like 2X a lot, because all of the posts seem to be about promoting positivity within the female community on reddit. A lot of the posts are about women who are proud of their accomplishments--i.e., running their first marathon, completing some sort of project, etc.--and I don't recall seeing anything hateful in that sub, ever (though I don't pay that much attention to it unless something really interesting pops up).  Genuinely curious what about that you find bigoted.   It's not "politically correct," it's just a way of trying to protect the identity of the person/station while still answering the question to the best of OP's ability. The only way it would be considered "politically correct" is if the news anchor specifically asked to be referred to as "they/them" rather than the common pronouns "him" or "her."   So many of those stories are just too much. Unnecessary details, weird writing style that kind of makes a reader think it's fictional, etc. I've only seen a few that actually made ma laugh and didn't seem like the author was trying too hard to make up some ridiculous story for karma.  My [favorite one](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2qe91t/tifu_by_giving_my_2_year_old_daughter_scented/) I've ever seen on that sub, though, is one that was titled: "TIFU by giving my 2 year old daughter scented chapstick" and the body was just: "She ate an entire stick of strawberry chapstick"  So perfect and simple. I wish more stories in that sub were like that. It would be much better, I think!  Edit: I really fucked up the grammar and spelling on this...   ...That's kinda fucked up, dude   We had a teacher who wanted to be a nun but was rejected (they can do that), and she would flip people's desks all the time and threaten them. The verbal abuse her students endured was insane, but she was an old woman so the school never did anything about it. It was also a small Catholic school, so a lot of shit like that went down that none of the kids were mature enough to realize was bad and none of the adults bothered to correct.   Yeah, I definitely feel that way. If I'm going to a party where I know there will be drinking, I always start drinking before I get there. Otherwise i can't hold a conversation with people. I like myself a lot more when I'm drunk, honestly.    I've seen this before. The "Mama" part never fails to make me laugh.   That's so creepy. But at least it means the ghost (or whatever) just wanted to play with your hair, not, like, kill you?? If that makes you feel better. Haha.   So did you just copy and paste [this entire thing](http://www.cruisecrazies.com/forums/topic/35340-cruise-ghost-stories/) or what?   Nope nope nope nope NOPE.  How did you realize it was your hair being braided on its own?? What was your reaction?   That is definitely one of the most bizarre Comcast horror stories I've heard. Not even sure how they could justify that.   If there's a customer already cursing up a storm and if the neighborhood is as bad as OP said, it probably would have been dangerous to deny the guy service, as satisfying as that would be.   Wait, what?! What happened? Did you have to pay?  	24
 Reminds me of when CM Punk tried to force Lawler to call Punk the "Best in the world." When Lawler refused, he just beat his ass some more.  Punk made that segment a lot better than it had any right being tbqh.   Because in boxing, you can always win by knockout no matter how badly you've been getting your ass kicked throughout the fight.  To that point, Muhammad Ali had never been, and never was knocked out, but a lot of times, that was a boxer's only chance against Ali, since he was so technically sound that defeating him by decision was almost impossible.   np   "Sister [name]" usually implies that a woman is a nun. I've never heard anyone call their actual sister "Sister [name]."  Plus, it's heavily implied that she is dead, and that she was fond of the rocking chair Bray used to have.  She was also a mentor and an apparent mother figure to Bray. She used a rocking chair. All of this implies that she was elderly during the times Bray brings up when he talks about her, which makes it unlikely that she and Wyatt were siblings.   And for the record, I'm not just saying this to pick on Cole. I really think he legitimately does not do his job the way he should.  JBL, for example, clearly looks up what will be relevant information and takes notes prior to shows so he can make references during the matches (don't believe me? Watch the 2015 Royal Rumble match). JBL's commentary is so versatile that he once made an ANIMORPHS reference. You never know what you'll get with JBL-- he can make a reference to Japan pro wrestling, NCAA, the NFL, NBA, strongman competitions, the Olympics, boxing, the NWA, AWA, etc. You'll never hear Cole tell us that Big Show defeated Hulk Hogan for the WCW Championship in his first match, because anything prior to around 2 months ago is probably lost on him.  And that's just sports anecdotes. He's poked fun at King for running for mayor, made references to Titan Towers in Stamford, he makes note of historical events that occurred on a given day, and his character actually changes logically over time.  Example: He ripped The Ascension a new one during their segment with the nWo, but since then, and since The Ascension has been as dominant as they have, he's gradually respecting them more.  Cole, meanwhile, was once a Miz fanboy and Daniel Bryan's biggest hater. Now, he's the complete opposite in both regards. Not because of actual character development, but just because he went from heel to face.   STINGER! STRIKES! (I'm not sure why I called him "Stinger," and I don't know that his reverse DDT finisher is called the "Scorpion Death Drop")  Although in all fairness, he eventually got it right. Like four months later.  He's also implied that he believes "Sister Abigail" is Bray Wyatt's biological sister, when it's obvious that the clues point to Sister Abigail being a nun or some other woman of the cloth, and not his actual sister.   This is pro wrestling, though. You have to go further.  During Stardust's entrance, a planted fan repeatedly shouts "CODY!" at Stardust.  Stardust knocks him clean out with a right hand. "Call me 'Cody' again! CALL ME 'CODY' AGAIN! HE'S **DEAD**!!!"    Michael Cole isn't really as horrible as you make him to be. It's just the scripts he's been given are really terrible. He's no J.R. that's for sure but if given the chance I think he can call a match.  As far as the average person goes, no. If 99% of us who give Cole a hard time got on the headset and did commentary, we'd be exponentially worse than Cole.  As far as professional wrestling commentators go, he's below average at best.   Except that logic applies to dozens and dozens of wrestlers and even more actors/actresses/performers/etc.  The Ali/Stardust "Don't call me _______ anymore" really only applies to them and maybe a couple other people (~~Pac Man~~ Adam Jones, the NFL player, comes to mind, sorta).   We got us a flyin' hater, Maggle!  :-P   (translation from Colespeak to English in parentheses)  **Saxton:** You know, Stardust reminds me of Muhammad Ali.  **Cole:** Oh, my God. You did not compare Stardust to Muhammad Ali. (You're the heel on commentary and I'm the face. Therefore, your opinion is completely invalid because it comes off as controversial, and I refuse to even give you the chance to elaborate before mocking you.)  **Saxton:** Here's why, because 50 some-odd years ago, Muhammad Ali said "I'm no longer Cassius Clay-- you refer to me as 'Muhammad Ali,'" and if you didn't obey his wishes, he felt disrespected.  **Cole:** That may be one of the most ridiculous comparisons I've ever heard. Muhammad Ali didn't put on space paint... uh, er-- face paint and start talking in gibberish. (Upon making your point clearer, I've realized that it actually makes sense. Therefore, let's talk about something that you didn't mention at all, like how the two of them dressed respectively.)  ***  **JBL:** This whole thing started because Naomi got involved in a match she shouldn't have gotten involved in.  **Cole:** Actually, Natalya got involved first. Obviously you didn't watch the replay. (I have no idea what I'm talking about, but maybe if I talk down to my commentary partner, who obviously has a much better case here than I do... I don't know. I'm Michael Cole and I suck.)  **JBL:** In the replay, it was Naomi getting involved, and then--  **Cole:** Yeah, because Tyson was cheating! (Okay, now it's absurdly obvious that you're right and I'm wrong, so let's pretend that something that doesn't change what happened actually does change what happened. Once again, my name is Michael Cole, and I suck hard on commentary.)      Colorblind President presses the big "blue" button, and then re-presses it ten times when it doesn't bring him pancakes.   Between beaks, talons, and stingers, that sounds like it could hurt.   "What the hell are you doing here?! YOU DIED LIKE THIRTY TIMES DURING THE CAMPAIGN!"   Plot twist: Takes place in the South. Actually is her daddy.    A reminder: you're not allowed to downvote Reddit comments because you're offended by them or because you don't agree with them.  It's a shame that so many people ignore this rule. It's also a shame that they're (mostly) just smart enough not to downvote 5 comments in 5 seconds, which results in very little that can be done about wrongful downvoting.   "Black people get their own month."   "They don't just get a real job when you see them sweeping up trash at the country club."   If this had been "Their parents didn't get an abortion," it would be a 10/10.   *consoles crying mother after the funeral of a loved one, which you were unable to attend because of work*  "I know. I know it's hard... I'm just sorry I couldn't come..."   *complains to the ticket dealer after a premier main-event boxing match ended less than halfway through the first round*  "It's not my fault it only lasted 30 seconds. You're not getting your money back."   What do you use and what dosage? I hope this isn't against the rules, but I know that what worked for me was just finding the right dosage that makes me tired enough to sleep but doesn't keep me asleep until 5 PM the next day.   I have the exact same problem. Do you have health insurance? If so, you should talk to your doctor. I'm sure he/she would have no problem prescribing a simple sleep aid to help you get a good night's rest at night.   As far as my psychological/emotional needs, I have almost nothing right now, and you know this. My doctor diagnosed me with severe depression and anxiety over two years ago, and she and I have made close to no progress since then at fighting it.  I know your family comes from the South originally, so you probably grew up being told that depression and other psychological illnesses aren't "real," and that people who claim to have them are making excuses for being weak. That's not the case. Doctors get paid to know things like this-- please listen to what they say.  I know I have luxuries-- I live alone in a house that you own, and you don't charge me rent. You pay my bills. You even treat me to things I don't need. Thanks to you, I have an Xbox 360, an Xbox One, and more games than I know what to do with.  But you also know that there's a lot I don't have. My only emotional caregiver, your first wife and my biological mother, passed away when I was 13. I never got over it, and I don't know if you have or haven't, but you know how close I was to her, so you can imagine the emotional plunge that I took when I lost her 13 years ago.  Eventually, around five years ago, I became close to my older cousin, and he and I pretty much became best friends. He was such a positive person that it was almost impossible to be depressed around him. We were as close as brothers.  He died in a car accident two years ago. He was your brother's son, and you're very close to all of your siblings, so I know you understand how I feel about losing him. It's almost identical to what I went through when mom passed away.  Despite having the two most positive emotional influences in my life ripped away from me, I tried to stay positive. I tried to do the right thing. My grades slipped when I was a teenager, so I never graduated high school, but I still applied for and attended the local community college.  The work was far more difficult, if not tedious, than I had anticipated, and I felt overwhelmed. I told you this, and you understood and suggested that I withdraw until I was ready to maybe try again. I thank you for that.  After that, one of my friends (and his girlfriend) moved in with me in the house I'm in now. They were both psychology majors, so they actually understood my problems, and they were fun to be around. They helped mitigate my emotional problems.  Then, a misunderstanding (it had nothing to do with the girl-- don't worry) caused a falling out a little over a year ago. He and I haven't spoken since.  As you can see, every source of emotional comfort that I've had is being taken away from me. I don't believe in God, and I know you don't like that, but at the same time, I can't help but feel as if I'm being picked on.  Right now, as I've said, with the three aforementioned people being taken away from me in one way or another, I have no emotional support from anyone. My health insurance plan ran out recently, and the process to apply for a new plan is taking far longer than either of us expected (however, when I did have insurance, you made sure that I had all my prescription medications and was able to see my doctor regularly, and I owe you a lot for that).  In the present day, as of right now, I'm bordering on a massive panic attack everyday. I feel like crying 24 hours a day, even when doing things that I enjoy (which is sometimes, counterintuitively, a major chore). I don't have any friends. I never leave the house. I have no money. I have nothing to purge the emotional turmoil I endure on a daily basis. I sleep at night like most people do, and I sleep periodically during the day because it's the only way I know to escape the inevitable depression and anxiety I go through at all times. I can only handle it for so many hours at a time.  I know I have you. And I appreciate everything you do for me. You do everything that you can. But you and I both know that you're not a nurturer. I don't hold that against you, either, just to be clear. That was what mom did for me, while you and I had fun doing typical father-son things, and we still do. We had a blast watching the Super Bowl three weeks ago and casually talking trash to one another, along with my uncles and cousins. I value those times with you-- please don't think otherwise.  The problem is that I've tried to explain my emotional issues to you, and you don't seem to understand. You don't get how I can have all day, everyday, to myself and not get anything constructive done around the house on a consistent basis.  I've tried to explain this to you in the best way I can think to put it: Video games are probably my favorite hobby, and, as I mentioned in passing earlier, it's sometimes a chore to turn on one of my consoles and play a game and have fun. __It's difficult for me to do things that I *enjoy*.__ Imagine how hard it is for me to do things that I *hate* doing, like cleaning, or looking for a job, or working, or doing schoolwork.  I love you. You do far more than you have to for me, even if you do have a short temper at times and seem to be stubborn about my emotional problems. I've always considered this to be something that can't be said until you're in a situation that calls for it, but I know with almost no doubt that I would die for you. I would step in front of a bullet to keep you from being shot. I owe you my life. It's that simple.  I just want you to try a little harder to understand what's wrong with me and why. I know that you can't be for me what my mother was-- no one can do everything. But I do need help. Professional help. And once I get that help, hopefully, I'll be "cured" of my depression and anxiety. Once that happens, I'll likely be a far more productive person, and I'll be able to function much better than I do now. I'll clean the house regularly. I'll go to school. I'll shower everyday. I'll get a job. I'll pay rent and pay my own bills.  I just need you to be patient until I become healthy enough to get to that point. Please. I can't explain how much that would mean to me.  I hope you understand my plight. Or perhaps I'm being unfair; I feel as if I should keep an open mind since I'm asking you to do the same.  __Maybe we should let /r/depression be the judge of whether or not I receive too much and give too little. Let them opine on the possibility that maybe I'm asking too much of you. Feel free to post your thoughts, Redditors. I won't take offense to anything. I already feel nearly worthless.__  If I am, I sincerely apologize, and I'll do whatever I can to fix it.  Once again, I love you, and I know you love me as well. But not only do I love you, I *need* you. I need your support to pull myself from this abyss of depression and into the life of a functional adult.  Thanks for everything, dad. I won't ever be able to repay you, but I know I'll try once I get healthy. I promise.   That's fine, bro. You're doing me a (huge) favor. I'm on your time.  You're the man. I'll be waiting patiently, and I'll probably send you the feedback while you're at work so you'll have it when you get off.   Ha. Have fun I did. I never thought I'd say this, but I think maybe you were a little *too* dramatic.  Would you mind doing a quick re-take? I can give you specific feedback that should help us find the balance I'm looking for.  Hope that's not asking too much.    If you need therapy the suicide hotline has trained people willing to listen to your problems  I should have specified. Yes, I do need therapy. Would it even be fair for me to call a suicide hotline considering the fact that I'm not suicidal at all?   Everyday is pretty much just a struggle to keep from having a severe mental breakdown. I can't do anything at all, even things that I enjoy, because my brain will find some way to get depressed no matter what happens. I need therapy or even something that remotely resembles it.  I'm not sure I can make it 6-8 weeks.   Unfortunately, no, I won't be profiting monetarily from this, so I can't offer payment.   Here's a sample:  *These men are neither gods nor telepaths. Their fiery glares are fully incapable of slaying the enemy. And yet... these nearly omnipotent athletes possess their own litany of extraordinary abilities. Abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very __notion__ of physical limitation... magicians whose artistic lethality can __slash__ a foe to shreds with __surgical precision__ and the __sharpest__ of cuts.*  The entire narration is approximately 423 words (will provide a Google Docs link via PM for anyone who is interested). I say "approximately" because I'm constantly changing little things in the writing, but it'll always be somewhere around the 400-500 word range (roughly a page in Microsoft Word).  As you can probably tell from the sample, I'm going for drama (something like a cinematic movie trailer for a big-time film), so try to keep that in mind when utilizing inflection, etc. I need the tone to be set for the viewer to say to themselves "This is about to be epic" when hearing the voiceover.  If anyone has any questions, feel free to ask either here or via PM. Whichever you prefer.  Thanks in advance.   Does "incapable" by itself already imply that it's 100% impossible, thus making the adjective "fully" unnecessary?   PM'd   I don't have any experience with music editing programs. This is probably the only time I'm gonna need this, so I figured it'd be more practical to just pay someone to do it.   PM me for details. I know it sounds weird. I'm not even sure if this is possible tbqh, so if any music editing experts are reading this and don't think it is, feel free to let me know.  Thanks.  **EDIT:** 4 hours later, this job is still available at the time of this edit.   Using sidesteps, his sways/dodges/ducks, etc., to avoid attacks and punish whiffs?  I'm not gonna lie to you guys-- ever since I saw [this](http://i.imgur.com/9qDadx8.gif), I've wanted to be able to use Steve like that. I know it's wholly unrealistic to think I'll ever be able to do that at will (or even close to it), but they wouldn't have put his defensive moves in the game if it weren't possible to an extent.  [This also inspired me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzRlsEdj69s).  I play Tekken Tag Tournament 2 on Xbox 360, BTW. Gamertag Ray AP9 if you want to send me a FR.    He doesn't let me feel sorry for myself or wallow and it really helps me be mindful of my mental state and "snap out of it" when I have the ability to do so.  This is good support. It's bad to tell someone to get over it and not let something bother them. It's good to actually HELP them do so.   That makes perfect sense. It's like if you're walking down the street in miserable weather, and then it starts raining. You don't have an umbrella, but someone else who does have one berates you for getting wet.   Am I that weak, or are emotions not something that are like dimmer switches where we can tune them and adjust their severity at will?  I'm very confused.      How can you look at the replay and say I'd have been sacked anyway? Like I said, everyone else got picked up, and I was gonna throw that pass to Hoomanawanui immediately.   Damn, that might have been an amazing idea in that situation. I'm usually not scared to run screens, either. Probably a slip screen in that situation, or maybe a bubble. But most likely a slip, possibly from under center. Good chance for a TD.   Yeah, no kiddin. Ugh. That was 4th and inches on the first possession of overtime too. I considered a QB sneak, but his tendency to run commit made me go with the PA.   Ah, I see. Yeah, that might have been a good idea. Honestly, I was just venting (even though I still feel that what happened wasn't cool), but I can definitely learn from this.   What do you mean? I know what "under center" means (non-shotgun), but I don't see what you're saying.    right through your offensive line  But that's not what happened. Everyone else got picked up. It was only Solder who went DURRR on me and completely, absolutely whiffed on his block in a way I didn't even think was possible for an NFL player.   He probably wouldn't have called run commit if he saw me in the gun.  I *wanted* him to run commit. That's what opened the door for my receivers to get open.   Absolutes aside, it's most likely because when you have to focus on staying awake, you're tired as hell, and when you have to focus on going to sleep, you're not sleepy. That's what makes it a struggle. The situation, not the thoughts.      I had everything set up just the way I wanted. Playaction fake inside the five on 4th and inches after he had been calling run commit in run situations all game.  Fullback (47) was gonna be open. I knew it. Go look and see if I'm wrong.  If everyone gets a hat on a hat, I know I'll have time to float a quick pass to the fullback. He doesn't get to the end zone, or he drops it, I can live with that.  What I *can't* live with is that his calling run commit made my left tackle (77, to the right of 81) forget that he's playing football. If he picks up that block, I'm definitely protected long enough to get that pass to Hooman.  Funny. And by "funny," I mean "not funny."      No disrespect, but I think your statement is incorrect, at the very least since you've phrased it as an absolute.   It's in the constitution that church and state shall remain separate. Public schools thus are not in a position to teach creationism.  Also, "theory" in non-scientific terms is not the same as "theory" in scientific terms.   Anger is usually born of other, negative emotions-- insecurity, vulnerability, weakness, etc. Targeting inanimate objects violently makes us (usually men, as they have more testosterone and are thus more aggressive) feel empowered again.  What's going to satisfy the savage desires of someone who's reached his breaking point? Kicking a door off its hinges and feeling like a badass or punching a pillow and watching a feather or two float gently down to the bed as a result of your unmitigated rage?  **The more visible destruction one causes when lashing out angrily, the more satisfying it is for the person in question, while in the moment.** True or false?  And yes, usually, lashing out physically is not the answer, but holding in feelings of powerlessness and such can be bad as well.   Normally, people who struggle with emotional stability (and can't stay happy) are told to do the things that they enjoy the very most when they start to feel under the weather psychologically, but my level of emotional sensitivity doesn't allow me to do that without often traumatic results.  If anything at all goes wrong, it can and will ruin my mood at the moment, for the day, or even for the week. If a video-game session doesn't go exactly like I wanted, if the pizza I ordered isn't made the way I had hoped, if I want to play with my cat and she bites me because she wants to be left alone... things like these (mostly, but not always) make me want to crawl in a hole and cry, as if something tragic had happened.  Living life for me is like tip-toeing around a field of landmines everywhere I go, which makes me want to do the only thing I know won't set off my anxiety-- lay in bed, in the dark, and do absolutely nothing.  This, by the way, is with the help of anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medication. Which seem like it will turn into a pipe dream soon, since I have no health insurance and can't afford any since I'm unemployed.  I have no idea how to manage this. I always see the "Breathe" disclaimer at the top of this page, but it rarely feels like everything will be fine if I just relax and take deep breaths. I feel like bursting into tears 24 hours a day (since even if I *don't* have a good reason for feeling like shit, my brain decides to do so just for the hell of it), and I wish I knew how to deal with it other than my current solution that involves complete cessation of activity.   Let's see...  * Ghost Rider * Captain America * Spencer * Dante * Deadpool * Chris * Spider-Man * Hulk * Vergil * Thor * Trish * Iron Man * Wesker * Hawkeye  I think that about covers it   Plot twist: Breaking News Barrett   I have some free time right now if you're on   I'm such a newb, I'll need help building a team to start with    It was fucking bullshit.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3-_J22CBZk   Ah, I gotcha. Reigns *did* say that they would coexist in their tag match even after the accidental dropkick, so you do have a point.   How did they end up separating as a team? I can't remember.   As was The Wyatt Family's, although Bray did mistreat Rowan when they crossed paths after their dissolution. That kind of disappointed me; I loved how Wyatt didn't use Harper/Rowan to help him win matches and actually acted as a protector to them (good example is at WrestleMania, when Cena speared Harper through the barricade-- Wyatt's first instinct was to completely forget about the match and check on Harper).   They did? Last I remember, [Raw went off the air with Daniel Bryan crumpled in a heap, grasping his ribs after taking a Spear from Reigns.](/spoiler)   I can't right now, sorry. I'm free all this week, though. Should I add you?   **EDIT:** I'm on Xbox 360 and my gamertag is Ray AP9. Sorry for failing to mention this initially.  I learn a lot better from actually seeing things happen and talking directly to someone at the same time, as opposed to reading strategy guides or watching videos.  Is there anyone who wouldn't mind helping me with this? We can start a private chat, set the time limit to Infinity, and basically go through anything you're willing to show me.  Thanks.   "Dude, it was an accident!"  "You know DAMN WELL that was no accident!"  "I'm telling you, I didn't mean to hit you! Look at the replay! [points to TitanTron]"  "Hmm. Whatever. Just watch out next time. [leaves ring without incident]"    Heat of the moment plus a newfound hard attitude doesn't equal a lot of goodwill for your upcoming opponent in the biggest match of your career.  From Reigns' perspective, seeing things from inside the ring as opposed to from our vantage point, yeah, I can definitely see how he could think it was intentional.  But after watching TEN replays from THREE angles, Cole keeps asking if it was an accident. Are you watching what the cameras are recording, you dork?   Kane was between Daniel Bryan and Roman Reigns, and Bryan went for the dropkick in Kane's direction. Bryan was almost already in mid-air when Kane moved and Roman caught the dropkick in the corner.  How the hell could that NOT be an accident? Do they think Kane and Bryan conspired to stage that entire sequence so DB could dropkick Reigns while appearing to have done so unintentionally? There's no way Bryan could have had the reaction time or the physical ability to stop his momentum before hitting Reigns.    Also, when you were usering the LB when he scrambled to the left, don't fall for the bait like you did every time.   What bait, exactly? Most of the times, that receiver was open, so I had to choose between following the receiver and following Wilson. I was able to get an interception on one play by attacking Wilson and making him think that receiver was open, when he actually had a CB hawking him.  Thanks for the advice, BTW.   Appreciate the feedback, bro.  Here's something to ponder, though-- most people who run no-huddle online (I assume) will run it as long as they have success. They're not thinking "Oh, he's in Nickel 3-3-5, I can exploit this." They just use it because they think it'll make things harder for the defense.  But you definitely made some good points. One reason I didn't blitz much (I usually blitz a little less than half the time) is because he was getting rid of the ball quickly, before my blitzes could get there.  Any suggestions in that regard? I tried jamming his wideouts (Seattle's receivers are not good at beating the press), zone blitz, etc., but couldn't really get to him in time.   I might give that a shot. I was kind of in a rush with this. I also thought it was important to show which plays I picked and what happened at the line of scrimmage before the snap.   The video is about 16 minutes long and consists of five drives in a game in which I allowed 50 points. **I expect most people to not have the patience to watch the whole video**, so really, all I'm asking is to watch one, maybe two drives in the video and offer some constructive criticism. Let me know what I did right and what I did wrong and how I can improve. I record my games so I can go back and look at how I performed, and I can't figure out what's wrong with my defense.  Thanks.      Is a panic attack dependent on physical symptoms or psychological symptoms? Because there are lots of times when I feel a large amount of internal anger/rage, increase in heart rate, knots in my stomach, and basically an overall desire to destroy everything around me to alleviate the gamut of emotions I'm feeling at the time (correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm almost positive that Hulking out would qualify as a panic attack). A lot of times, though, I'm able to avert the expected physical reaction to these feelings, and more or less enter a state of catatonia where I'm focusing all my energy on not lashing out-- the result is emotional turmoil on the inside, and eerie serenity on the outside.  The reason I ask is because psychologists and psychiatrists always ask, as I'm sure you all know, "How often do you have panic attacks?", blah blah, and I never know how to answer. I go through the above somewhat frequently, but I don't know if that that would be considered a true panic attack or not.   I can't do anything at all, and it's been that way for a long time. I'll elaborate below.  First, it's important to know that I have something that a lot of people my age don't have-- tons of freedom and the privilege of doing whatever I want for most of my day on a regular basis. Yay! Sounds awesome, right?  Let's sprinkle a little severe depression on top of that, with a side of anxiety and the untimely deaths of those closest to you, and then see how awesome it is.  * See how awesome it is to go get a pizza and have it made slightly differently than you wanted. **Depressed.**  * Have a really bad itch for no reason. **Depressed.**  * Cat doesn't want to play with you. **Depressed.**  * Find out you missed a sale on something you wanted to buy. **Depressed.**  * Computer crashes while you were typing something that's not even really important, and it didn't save. **DE-FUCKIN-PRESSED.**  There is absolutely nothing I can do with my free time, other than lay in the dark doing nothing, that doesn't have the (very high) potential to completely fuck up my day, or sometimes my week.  I find that people tend to judge in this situation, because it's difficult to handle responsibilities when a person goes through this (if things I *like* to do cause me pain, why would I even take a chance on things I *don't* want to do?). It seems quite easy to judge when you're not someone who's constantly surrounded by psychological landmines, even in places that I'd consider "safe" or "comforting."   Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go cry myself to sleep and do my best to make sure this doesn't turn into a suicide note.  **EDIT:** Well, that didn't help at all. I have no idea what to do. Not a clue. Everything I do could possibly, and easily, blow up in my face and ravage me psychologically (and this includes anything I'd do to try to *improve* my mood).  Looks like me and the emptiness of oblivion are gonna get to know each other real well. Here's to spending the majority of whatever's left of my life doing absolutely nothing just to keep from having a massive panic attack on a regular basis.  Cheers.   I actually meant a plastic bottle.    i'm sorry, but i'm a bit confused about not asking your parents? i know you said not to ask and i'm not expecting an explanation... but i think it would be a good idea to ask your parents or any trusted family member or friend for help. someone may be able to lend you a bit of money to afford some of the meds while you sort it out. i'm sorry if thar contradicts what you were trying to say but it seems like it would help you get what you need.  I'm generally more dependent on my parents than I should be. I have no car and no driver's license, and I'm even worse at dealing with my emotional turmoil on my own. But at the same time, asking other people for help makes me feel bad because I don't want anyone to be forced to deal with my problems, since they have their own already. So I feel trapped between my choices in that context.   if you dont mind me asking, how much are your pills without insurance?  I don't mind you asking, but I have no idea how much they cost without my health insurance. The pharmacy's website won't tell me, and I just haven't called them. I just feel lazy lately.      My family physician doesn't want to be my de facto therapist because that's not her field of expertise. She complained that I asked too much of her and used too much of her time when I made appointments with her. For a $25 copay, I apparently only get 15 minutes of face time with the doc. Fine, whatever.  Her office gives me the number of a clinic from which to get help. I call them-- they ascertain that they can't help me based on an evaluation done over the phone, but they give me the information of three OTHER clinics that might be able to help.  I leave a voice message with one, and I'm told that I'll get a response within a day or two. This was last Monday.  I call another. They don't accept the health insurance I had at the time.  The third is too far away from my home.  My physician, the same from above, also told me that she authorized my prescription for Klonopin at my local pharmacy. The pharmacy says otherwise. I was trying to get it before my insurance (provided through my father's employer until I'm 26 years old-- I turned 26 on Friday) ran out. Didn't happen. Now I'm alone in my bedroom every night trying to sleep and failing miserably, plus the physical symptoms that I'm going through from the withdrawal. The only way I can describe it is to say that I get extremely short (one or two seconds at the most) seizures/convulsions. It disrupts my concentration and stops me from doing whatever I was doing at the moment, and it feels like I got an electric shock to the brain. Sounds fun, right?  My anxiety is also killing my ability to function like a normal human, and asking my parents for support just makes me feel worse because I don't want to spread my anxiety to them by giving them reason to worry about me. I've never thought about suicide or self-harm, and that's one thing that I take solace in: the fact that no one who cares about me has to wonder if I'll hurt myself in any way. So when my dad asks at 4 AM if I'll be okay by myself until the morning because he's worried I'll do something self-destructive, that adds to the whirlwind of anxiety I'm already going through. The simple solution would be to just not bother my parents, right? It would be if I was equipped to handle major problems on my own. Don't ask. It'll make me feel worse to explain why.  I applied for Medicaid on the 5th of January in anticipation of my insurance expiring. I've been waiting since then and lost my patience last week, called them up and, in so many words, asked them what the fuck is taking so long.  "We have 30 days to process your application, sir."  I can't *wait* 30 days. I can't wait a week to get a return call. I can't wait two weeks for my psychological evaluation to be completed so I can be told that I have to go somewhere else. I need help NOW.  Even if I *get* help, all of it becomes irrelevant if I can't get a new insurance plan. If that happens, everything's NOT going to end up fine despite the message that I see at the top of this page as I type this message.   I have *no idea what to do.*   Scumbag Brain always wins.      Could I have said it better myself?  No. I could not have.      I'm in kind of a clothesline-y mood, so [here's a good one from Cena](http://i.imgur.com/wKqe0bb.gifv)   Oooooh, that's a good one.  EDIT: You're not talking about that running body block he does, are you? I don't think that would count as a clothesline.   Just hearing him on the mic made me mark out. His mic skills saved a segment that was going downhill *fast*.   You're definitely entitled to your opinion. It wouldn't be right for you to get flamed because you have a different opinion.  Who do you think does have the best clothesline? Maybe Ryback? Dean Ambrose?      I'm not following this one   I think you're giving the human race too much credit tbh.   I don't even understand what he/she is trying to say. All I can imagine is someone sitting on the couch in front of their TV, with an antenna not hooked up to anything, moving it around to try to pick up a signal like people do with their cell phones.   Plot twist-- they all lied.   Bro, she got 100%. Don't be so insensitive. That's like, almost the highest score you can get.  \#Bugginandhatinonaquizcuzyouprobablyneverevenmadeittogradschoolandflippinburgersatmcdonaldslookinass   Oh look, someone went and downvoted all of my posts in this thread.  I love you too, bro.   Apparently, some chick thought that all the "#12" insignias for the Seahawks meant they had a "hella fine" player who wore jersey number 12, when in reality, it represents their crowd, known collectively as "The 12th man" (football is played 11-on-11, so the crowd almost gives the Seahawks the advantage of an extra player in the way they support the team).  Sidenote: Since when do stupid chicks even bother with football players' looks? They wear helmets during the game so you have to watch often to see what they look like. The only player considered universally good-looking in the NFL, even by people who don't watch, is Tom Brady AFAIK.    No I'm not saying Obama is **a Muslim**  I believe what you mean is "of terrorist descent."   Speaking of which, I always find the prospect of calling a baby "Brock" really, really weird. "Brock" is like the manliest name ever.   I want to know which non-cosmic beings can be argued as stronger than The Hulk and why.   I don't see why not. The strongest man in a strongman competition is the one who can lift the most weight. I don't understand why that doesn't apply here. The only exceptions would be beings who are tens of thousands of feet tall or more (Celestials, Galactus), but they can't even really be measured. What are they gonna do, juggle planets to prove their strength?   Latter   How can they even be measured?   I'm just speaking of strength regarding how much a character can lift.    So Brock is a human/bear hybrid, you say?  If his father walked on all fours, I wouldn't be surprised.   But why isn't it as simple as:  The Hulk has lifted 150 billion tons. No one else has. Hulk strongest there is.    Wyatt is an interesting character.  "The False Prophet." Which happens to be one third of what Christianity recognizes as the Unholy Trinity (the other two being Satan and the Anti-Christ), and perhaps not just a nickname based on the fact that he lies and claims to know things he doesn't.  :O ...    The Kane/broken mirror thing is the best one though. I need to know if that was intentional. It's absolute genius.  :D I agree. It's definitely the one I'm most proud of.  And to think it came from a random thought along the lines of "I wonder what happened for the next seven years after Kane broke that mirror... nah, that'd be too crazy."  Then I looked it up anyway because my life is very unexciting. _  I'll also definitely look into Cody Rhodes' character per your insight.   I don't think what you can do with a weapon means much towards physical strength when another being can do the same thing barehanded.   "[Coincidence Or Not?"](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/wiki/coincidence) is a list of various kayfabe occurrences that, if written into the plot intentionally, would be brilliant on the part of the creative team. However, these could also simply be coincidence as well. It's up to you to decide which you believe.  This is the first of what will hopefully be many updates. They'll most likely all be text posts, with the added entries posted here in the OP, and a link to the wiki itself (usually the very first three words of the OP will also be a link to the wiki), so you can decide if you want to read the whole thing, or just the new stuff.  The title of each update thread will also include all the wrestlers who received new entries in the wiki itself, which will hopefully allow users to decide preemptively whether or not they want to bother checking out the newest additions.  Also, to mods and Redditors in general: Don't worry about me spamming this sub with updates. I'll probably only post an update thread once every two weeks at the most. Hopefully that's not too much.  Hope you enjoy.  ---  **Kane:**  **Those Who Do Not Learn From History...**  Everything in the entry [about Kane's initial unmasking and his de-humanization] was created by a chain of events that began with an offer. The offer was Triple H's. He offered Kane a spot in Evolution. A shrewd plan born of psychological genius, Triple H would effectively eliminate one of the biggest threats to his World Heavyweight Championship if Kane accepted his offer ("If you can't beat 'em... make 'em join you").  "Stone Cold" Steve Austin, who was "Sheriff" of Raw at the time, proved just as cunning as Triple H, and countered The Game's offer with an offer of his own: If Kane were to refuse to join Evolution, he would be awarded a match for the World Heavyweight Championship. Kane, a major babyface at the time, took Austin's offer, but would ultimately lose to Triple H (and the rest of Evolution... and a sledgehammer).  Kane's decision not to join Evolution sent him down one of the darkest phases of his career, destroyed him psychologically, and completely transformed him for the worse.  Now fast-forward to present day. On October 28, 2013, Kane relinquished his mask to Stephanie McMahon and offered his services to Triple H's newest power stable, The Authority.  Kane had apparently learned from his previous experience, and what he learned is this: When Triple H has power, *he always wins*. Fighting against him is a bad idea to the point of possibly being stupid, and history has proven that.  He didn't wait for Triple H or Stephanie to offer him a place within The Authority. He surrendered what is essentially the physical embodiment of his identity in an attempt to ensure that history did not repeat itself.  Long story short: Kane learned (from the events that occurred when he first unmasked) not to fuck with Triple H and aligned himself with The Game before he could go after him for whatever reason his evil, brilliant mind could think of, and he's a lot better off than guys like Cena, Ryback, Dolph Ziggler, Erick Rowan, and Randy Orton right now.  ---  **Randy Orton:**  **Evolution Into a Loner**  Randy Orton's current character is that of a severely asocial and antisocial (and sociopathic... and mentally disturbed... you get the point) loner. In kayfabe, he has very few friends, if any at all, and those friends tend to only serve as business partners-- i.e., The Authority. His relationships with other superstars are shaky to say the least, and the positive ones tend not to last very long. He's also been known to attack other wrestlers, for seemingly no reason, at any time he chooses.  But how did he become this way? As we always do, let's blame Triple H!  Seriously. It's quite possibly Triple H's fault. Randy Orton was accepted into the Evolution stable, which was his first major wrestling "family" in the ring as an active competitor. They brought him in and treated him like a brother.  Then he was severely beaten, seemingly week after week, following his excommunication from the group. All because he won the World Heavyweight Championship. The men he considered more than friends stabbed him hard in the back and didn't feel the tiniest bit of remorse for it.  How would this affect someone as psychologically volatile as Randy Orton? It would cause him to develop trust issues, which explain his distancing himself from other wrestlers and attacking other wrestlers for no reason (his de facto motto of "Strike First" isn't just there because it's catchy-- Evolution struck first in 2004 and Orton's not willing to have that happen again).  It probably also made him angry and bitter at the world, with a lot of inner rage and frustration (due to the fact that he didn't deserve to have his first world championship reign sabotaged by a man he trusted), all of which boil over to create the moments of insane, cold-blooded violence that he's known for.  ---  **AJ Lee, Dolph Ziggler, Kaitlyn:**  [After Dolph Ziggler gave AJ a scathing monologue about herself in November of 2012, AJ cut the *exact same promo, VERBATIM,* to Kaitlyn, *seven months later*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEUenwM-yRw feature=youtu.be) ([credit](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/1g6a7e/ajs_promo_on_kaitlyn_was_the_one_dolph_cut_on_her/) to /u/HulkHoganNude, and credit to /u/ThatIndianGuy7116 for making me aware of the thread)  ---  **Brock Lesnar:**  Brock Lesnar's motto circa 2014 was "Eat. Sleep. Conquer. Repeat." He also had a shirt that read "Paul Heyman ~~Guy~~ **Beast**." Lesnar may literally be just that, in-character.  He's been described as a "carnivore" (amongst other wild-animal-related metaphors), and according to Paul Heyman:  *"When Brock Lesnar steps into the ring, Brock Lesnar doesn't hear anybody but three people: (1) the referee, who has the power to disqualify him, (2) Paul Heyman, who strategizes his greatest victories, and (3) the suffering of his victims, like [John Cena] suffered at Brock Lesnar's hands at SummerSlam."*  Lesnar, like a wild animal, does only what's necessary for survival. Nothing more and nothing less. All animals need to **eat** and **sleep**, and aggressive animals (i.e., most carnivores) have to establish superiority in their habitat (**conquer**), at which point they **repeat** the cycle all over again.  The aforementioned T-shirt supports this theory-- someone apparently looked at the original design and said to themselves, "Lesnar doesn't even act like a man from bell to bell. He's more wild animal than human being." Thus, no longer a Paul Heyman "guy." He's Paul Heyman's *beast*. It's, perhaps, how he was able to defeat John Cena so decisively at SummerSlam of 2014. Cena has beaten lots of men in WWE. He's probably never actually faced a man with the body and mindset of a wild, ruthless, near-uncontrollably violent monster. It's almost like wrestling a human/grizzly bear hybrid-- human intelligence and the predatory instincts of a beast. It's no wonder he was so dominant in 2014.   So if no one has surpassed his most galactic feats of strength, how can you say he's *not* the strongest being in the MCU?   Are you saying that other characters have bested The Hulk's greatest feats of strength?   I mean, I may be wrong, but [somehow, I doubt it](http://www.incrediblehulkonline.com/mediumsecretwarsstrength.jpg)       and their reactions to Borat's antics were genuine.  Exactly. I knew this was the case (to the person/people in this thread who implied the entire movie was staged).  I was just genuinely shocked that people, even ultra-conservative southerners, would say the things some of them said during the movie. I assumed they had to be unaware they were being filmed.   No.   So, Americans are willing to say and do racist, homophobic and overall bigoted things on camera, knowing that they *are* on camera.  Um...   Who films the different scenes that occur throughout the movie? There appear to be at least two different cameramen that can record from multiple angles, but no one in the film ever mentions that "Borat" is traveling with one or more cameramen.   Such as...?   I read about how there are different types of characters whose strategies should differ from one another based on their moves, assists, and misc. abilities (like flying or double-jumping).  One example I always had in my head was Wolverine vs Hulk. Wolverine is a rushdown character who's going to try to overwhelm you on the inside with fierce combos, and Hulk is a power character who can do WAY more damage than Wolverine but doesn't have his combo ability or his speed.  Since Wolverine is so small, I was hoping that, for instance, if he's on the inside (I'm using Hulk) and he's hammering me with combos, and I get one good heavy strike to connect, he should go flying across the screen, since it's literally The Hulk, and Wolverine is like 5'3 and "only" around 300 pounds.  But then, if I throw that same heavy strike against someone like Haggar, he would take the blow differently than Wolverine and would not go sailing clear across the screen.  That's how a fight between Hulk and Wolverine would go, wouldn't it? Wolverine would do his best to avoid Hulk's attacks and keep him at bay with a flurry of offense, and then inevitably, Hulk would bitch-smack him about 20 feet away, at which point Wolverine gets up and rushes right back in.  Maybe I'm being too picky, but I just wish that the character who's the strongest being in the entire MCU would be able to have not only the advantage of doing heavy damage due to his size and strength, but also being able to overpower small, rushdown characters with one move that would force them outside and create space. It'd be realistic, fun to see visually, and a good, fair gameplay aspect in my opinion.             Well, you're buying things to make you happy, not because owning the item will make your life any easier/more enjoyable.  That's exactly what I meant. Things that I will use repeatedly, sometimes for years and years on end. New video games, new video game console accessories (a PVR, maybe a Kinect, etc.), maybe going shopping for some new clothes that I really like, but definitely making sure not to overspend.  tbqh, I feel like that's not even an issue. If anything, I'm prone to spend too little than to spend too much. I've been on both ends of the monetary spectrum-- I've had more money than I knew what to do with and I've been dirt poor without a single cent to my name. I *do not* want to go back to the latter, *ever*, so blowing money on stuff that isn't worth it probably won't happen to me (key word being "probably"-- no one's perfect, of course).    you will end up with stuff you don't want/need  How do you figure?   It's not a need, it's a want. That's what separates necessities from luxuries.   I'm sorry to hear that. It's good that you've learned from the experience, though.   How so?   And I don't mean as a permanent fix, but just a consistent trend of "Buy new stuff, feel less depressed for a little while."   During the Civil War, Robert E. Lee (of the Confederacy/the South) documented, in writing, the plans for his army's strategy over the course of several of the following months.  He gave the document to Stonewall Jackson, among others. Jackson gave copies to his commanders, one of whom put them in a cigar box and left it on the ground. Then completely forgot about them.  Long story short, a Union soldier found the cigar box (only bothering with it because "Free cigars!"), and found the document. He would relay the paperwork to a Union general, who recognized Robert E. Lee's handwriting, and knew that he pretty much had a "How to beat the piss out of us" guide straight from the Confederacy.  The Union won the war handily shortly afterward, following the Battle of Antietam.  If the soldier from the North had just ignored the box, the South would have stood a chance, and may have possibly won the war.   And what would have happened had the Mongols successfully invaded Japan instead of being turned back *twice in eight years* by a typhoon said to occur "once every hundred years" at the most?   That's because a happy Hitler would result in the immediate thought "Who the fuck is Adolf Hitler?"  On the down side, there'd be no "Vader vs Hitler" Epic Rap Battle trilogy. I don't even wanna think about that. Those raps were epic.   Muhammad Ali's bike never gets stolen from him as a small child, which is what inspired him to take up boxing (so he could "whoop" the thief)  Adolf Hitler doesn't get rejected from art school. 'Nuff said, really.  Franz Ferdinand's car never takes a wrong turn, leading him right to Gavrilo Princip after Princip's first failed assassination attempt. Apparently, assassins don't miss twice.      It's an "End of the world scenarios" information site   I'll vouch for insane.   Which would be a list of in-storyline occurrences that you'd think are brilliant if written into the show intentionally, but could also easily be coincidences. For example:  1. [Kane broke a mirror before his Mask vs Title match against Triple H. He then went through seven years of bad luck, and immediately after the seventh year ended, he went on a winning streak and soon after, he won the World Heavyweight Championship.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/1nhqjv/on_062303_kane_broke_a_mirror_backstage_before/)  2. Paige and AJ were, at one time, fierce rivals. AJ's theme features lyrics about creating stars. Paige's theme is based on the idea of tearing stars from the sky.  3. Randy Orton's previous theme song, "Burn in My Light," features the lyrics:      1. **"Nothing you can say, nothing's gonna change what you've done to me"**     (possible reference to Evolution's betrayal and excommunication of Orton, and the fact that Orton found their actions to be unforgivable)      2. **"I gave and you take, and I waited for you but I made a mistake"**     (referring to Orton being Triple H's lackey and waiting for reciprocation, but ultimately getting nothing in return, which was obviously a mistake on Orton's part)      3. **"It's clear that your fear is so near because I see the look on your face"**     (Triple H now fears Randy Orton's ability, having broken away from Triple H's control)      4. **"You tried to hold me under, I held my breath"**     (Triple H actually *did* try to hold Orton down, but Orton persevered by "holding his breath" and not letting Triple H break him)      5. **"Alone and now you wonder what I possess"**     (Randy Orton is now literally alone, free from Evolution, and Triple H has no idea what he's capable of)      6. **"Now it's time to shine, you're gonna burn in the light"**     (instead of Triple H being in the spotlight, which he's used to, it's now Orton's turn. Naturally, the "light" shining on Orton would anger Hunter, metaphorically burning him emotionally)      7. **"I'm gonna take what's mine while you're burning inside my light"**     (the World Heavyweight Championship is Randy Orton's, not Triple H's, and while Orton thrives as champion, Triple H will be metaphorically burning in his spotlight, as mentioned above)  And more that I have in mind now and may think of in the future. Also, suggestions aren't only welcomed, they're allowed.  What do you think?   Adolf Hitler gets accepted into art school  Muhammad Ali never gets his bike stolen when he was a little boy  Franz Ferdinand's car never takes that wrong turn      Thank you very much, sir   [Component cord that comes with the device (to the left of the CD ROM)](http://the-gadgeteer.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/IMG_2295-500x375.jpg)  [Component cable I'm looking to buy in order to replace it (the one that came with it is dead)](http://www.cmple.com/showproduct.aspx?ProductID=1576 SEName=component-video-audio-cable-5-rca-gold-hdtv-rgb-ypbpr-6-ft)  Pretty much the same thing, right?  Thanks.      Very nice   http://exitmundi.nl/exitmundi.htm  It's always been one of my favorite sites, but it appears to be down right now. If anyone knows any way to access it, or perhaps some archived version of it, please let me know!   Yeah. Adblock Plus 2.6.6 to be exact   Wow. You nailed it.  Okay, this kinda sucks. Now I'm gonna have to put up with ads just to watch videos on this site. Meh. Oh, well. At least I know the issue now.  Thanks, bro.   IE with no add-ons, still didn't work. IE completely reset (and then browser restarted), still didn't work.  For what it's worth, here's the error dialog that IE lets me look at if I click the little exclamation point at the bottom left of the screen:  *Webpage error details*  *User Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 8.0; Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; Trident/4.0; (R1 1.6); SLCC2; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Media Center PC 6.0; .NET4.0C; InfoPath.2; .NET4.0E)* *Timestamp: Wed, 7 Jan 2015 19:50:15 UTC*   *Message: 'kxslot.2' is null or not an object* *Line: 22* *Char: 9* *Code: 0* *URI: http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav*   Do you think I should try with IE or Firefox first? I was thinking IE, because I'll be kinda pissed if my add-ons disappear from Firefox.   Are you saying that assuming that IE is my default browser? Because I use Firefox.  I thought about using the option to restart Firefox with all add-ons disabled, but I wasn't if there would be a way, after that, to basically undo it and revert all my add-ons to their previous status.   I wish I did. Would a smartphone work, or is that not technically the same thing?   I do have Malware Bytes. I'm scanning the computer now.  I tried Safe Mode, and it didn't seem to make any difference.   1. Yeah, I go to that video section of NBA.com multiple times everyday  2. I'm using Windows 7 64-bit  3. Tried Google Chrome, and had no success   :-(  Nothin   Could you (and anybody else reading this) do me a favor and click the link to see if you have the same problem I do?   http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav  I made sure Adobe Flash was completely updated, I tried restarting the browser, restarting my computer, and nothing has worked.  I can still view videos on all the other parts of the site, such as [here](http://hangtime.blogs.nba.com/2015/01/06/hang-time-podcast-episode-184-featuring-vince-goodwill-jr/). Everything is fine on that page, but only [here](http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav) do I have the problem.  [This](http://i.imgur.com/mowS6sl.png) is all I see, no matter how long I let it sit there (so it's not a problem of simply waiting for it to load). There should be a video window above the space that reads "Now playing."  Any suggestions?  Thanks.   I'm not saying this as if I really believe it, which would be disrespectful to you. I'm saying this on behalf of my depression/anxiety:  **Loss is NEVER better than victory. Winning is the only option, *ever*. That never changes for any reason, in any way.**   [Times like this tend to crush all my hopes and dreams of getting over any of my problems](http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/2rklze/you_ever_lay_in_bed_being_consumed_by_depression/cnh42yv)  Okay, I'm about to go into far too much detail, so get comfortable if you plan on reading all of this.  I love football, I love playing Madden, I love winning, and I ***hate*** losing. Here's how much I hate losing:  My favorite player in the NFL is Tom Brady. His win/loss percentage in the NFL is roughly 78%, which is the highest of all time. When I play online, I keep track of my record to an obsessive extent. Right now it stands at 57-40, which is just below 60%. It disgusts me just to look at it.  I constantly calculate how many games I'd have to win in my next 10, or 20, or 50 matches to get to 70%, then to somewhere in the high 70s. Why? Because if I don't match Tom Brady's win percentage, I feel like a failure at the game, so every single loss sucks a LOT more than it normally would.  "You feel like a failure at the game? Dude, that's cool, don't sweat it-- it's just a game."  My brain doesn't believe that. I take this game far more seriously than I should. Feeling like a failure at the game makes me feel like a failure at life, because of what you may have already guessed is a superiority complex. And to be honest, it's not the fact that I'm obsessed with the game as a whole, it's that I'm playing another human, and I'm obsessed with being better than *everyone* who challenges me at anything. I *have* to win at everything, I have to win handily, and I have to win often.  In this case, I have to be as good at this game as Tom Brady is in real life, because, ostensibly, I know that achieving the win percentage he's reached in his career is possible. Extremely difficult, but possible-- and I take pride in accomplishing the improbable.  Is the extent to which I take this game seriously a problem? Yes.  Do I know how to fix it? ... lol   Earlier today, I said this in another thread:   I play Madden online and I'm so focused on winning (*highly* competitive and hate to lose) that it masks the depression.        Now gathering up the motivation to do it, **knowing that it'll suck if I lose**... that's another story entirely.  Guess what just happened to me?  This is why I don't get out of my fucking bed.   That sounds like a "Devil you know, devil you don't" question.   You may have gone from moderate to severe depression. You should tell your doctor.   In other words, no motivation to do anything. At all. Because your mind is afraid that bad things will happen and will set off your anxiety to Code Red levels.  And, at the same time, you have tons of motivation to just lay there on the verge of tears for no reason that you can think of until you either fall asleep or have a panic attack.  Who's ever felt that way? Cuz I feel like that now (which is far from the first time). And it *really, really* sucks. And the only thing that sucks more is that I have no idea what to do about it.  Any help would be very much appreciated.   Ah, this too. Shooters are really good. When you're being hunted down by sometimes dozens of heavily weaponized beings trying to kill you (who also happen to be REALLY good at it, in the case of online play), you sorta don't have time to be depressed.   You're just (and I don't mean that to undermine what you go through-- only saying that the answer is relatively simple) emotionally sensitive. I'm the exact same way.  I have no idea if it's caused by depression/anxiety, worsened by it, or neither, but trust me, I know it sucks. I developed thicker skin over time, though, so there's definitely hope for you.   Thank YOU for making this post. Everything you mentioned was insightful and made a lot of sense, and I hope lots of people see it.   Same. I play Madden online and I'm so focused on winning (*highly* competitive and hate to lose) that it masks the depression.  Now gathering up the motivation to do it, knowing that it'll suck if I lose... that's another story entirely.   Ever?  That's pretty remarkable.   Not necessarily to fix it. I basically just want to make sure I know when my laptop has done enough that it needs to be rested for a while, just like how people need to eventually go to sleep at different times depending on what they did that day.   Well, how would I know if the OS is struggling with a program that I have running and maybe the computer needs to be turned off for a bit?   Just out of curiosity, how do I know where the OS is getting memory from when I run a program? Or is it pretty much a 100% guarantee that it will take it from Cached memory if Free memory is at 0?    This memory can be freed if needed.  How so?   http://i.imgur.com/q8lZ4JG.png  How does it affect my computer's performance? Should I always try to keep the "Free" physical memory value high? And anything else you think I should know, feel free to drop the knowledge.  Thanks.  	170
 I used to have a friend like that. She was the best but, I moved away and moved back after a few years and didn't contact her......I just feel super nervous about making contact again. And worry that they're about it or something. I understand the part about not being able to fully express yourself at work. It's almost painful not to be able to personal appearance wise and when communication. Plus, working in healthcare you really can't let it show. I'm not too close with family either, there is a lot of negativity and shit talking and I'm not about that..Well maybe once in a while I'll get super pissed but it's usually a delusion. I am usually my own worst enemy when it comes down to it. I don't know where this fucking voice came from to tell you the truth. I'll get these weird sounds and scenarios that play in my head over and over and they just reduce me to nothing. I used to be nice to everyone too, that shit didn't work out to well did it? Is your family super judgemental?  	1
 Everyday I have the Blues http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tr-W8iYNuNI   Anyone remember him from 7th Heaven?   Coldstone is the fucking bomb!   If I were Merlin, I'd be mad disappointed if my permanent form was an old man.    I'm a sophomore there :)   You go to Dickinson?   I sat next to him at a magic show once! I could barely contain myself...   "It's Perrrryyy! Perry the Platypus!"   i wish my cat would hug me...   I used to go to Kiawah, which is the island next to John's. I saw Angel Oak once. So amazing.    Mmmm. Damn.    I really wish there would be a big display of Merlin's power. Over and over we hear that he's this all powerful warlock, but he hasn't shown anything that much more powerful than other characters with magic.    This is why I need to swim again.   Saw that same display a couple months ago. Beautiful.   NSFL   indeed.   haha thanks. luckily I'm not over 40, so hopefully recovery will go smoothly. Was it weird to swim after such a long time?   My mom and I got in a big fight when I was 14. She accused me of not loving her...and I didn't refute the statement. I broke her heart that night and the next morning she was dead of a drug overdose.    Alright. 6 weeks. I'm gonna have to be patient then. lol   Thanks. I'll keep that in mind. Attitude is important. :)      hot.  	22
 Bit of a long shot but my ENT prescribed me Clarithromycin. It is an antibiotic but at low dosages (250mg) it is apparently a good antihistamine/anti-inflamatory (I forget which). I have it but I haven't tried it yet and so can't comment on the effectiveness.    Sounds identical to my story. I stopped eating dairy products and a lot of my problems vanished. I only showed as being allergic to dust mites and rye grass. Bear other possible allergens problems in mind.   sleepio.com is a self-help insomnia programme that uses sleep restriction therapy. It is very well made and claims success in about 75% of people. It's about £7 per week and a typical course is 12 weeks.  You may also want to read up on Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder (DSPD). A disorder where people can not get to sleep until very late at night. The solution is to use a blue light box and very low dosages of melatonin (chronotherapy) to affect your phase response curve to light. A good book on the topic is "Reset Your Inner Clock" by Dr. Michael Terman. My detailed info about the treatments is here: http://tinyurl.com/oldao5l  For me I am sure that allergies were my problem. I tried all sorts of medication, exercise, chronotherapy etc. but had no luck. As soon as I cut out dairy, certain soaps, shampoos and I think I now need to add E45 cream to the list I do a LOT better. I saw improvements within a few days and think (touch wood) that I was a 'normal' person about a month later. I cut out diary about 6 weeks ago. It isn't difficult to try for a few days. I don't know anything about allergies but I think people can develop them later in life.  Good luck.   It must be difficult knowing that you need help but to also be terrified of those that are there to help.  I am sure you already know but doctors are there to help. They have seen everything before and it is probably almost impossible for anything you do to embarrass them. I am sure they have clients in their offices who burst into tears reasonably often. Therefore you should not be scared of embarrassing yourself. You can also start by telling them that you don't trust their profession due to past bad experiences. A good doctor will understand and try to settle your mind. That said I don't know what your traumatic experiences were. Could you take a friend of family member with you?  Maybe another option is to go and see a mental health charity. They maybe able to go to the doctor with you to ensure nothing bad happens. If you still can't face going then maybe the charity can help in other ways. If you just need to talk and don't think that you need medication then maybe a mental health charity could provide that for you. Failing that maybe you have an intelligent and sensitive friend who could listen.  If you have enough money then you may also be able to find a highly recommended doctor. Perhaps the recommendations of other clients may settle your mind.  Try not to let your past experiences define your future relationships. There are lots of people out there who are bad for us, but there are also some who are good. Don't close out the good because of previous unpleasant experiences. It takes time to build trust, so realise that the first appointment with a doctor, for you, maybe only about building trust and nothing more. Maybe it takes several appointments to really start getting somewhere. That's OK, take your time.   Good luck.      I went to see an ENT recently for similar reasons. As mentioned by ads215 Flixonaise is the "go to" product. My ENT also told me that an antibiotic called Clarithromycin at low dosages make for a good antihistamine (or maybe anti-inflamatory) - this was discovered by Japanese scientists. I was given a dosage of 250mg per day. I can't really say how effective it was as I didn't take it due to extreme insomnia.   In the UK you can just to to your GP and they will prescribe the Flixonaise. In England you will pay a few £'s to get the prescription filled.  You can also ask your GP about Clarithromycin but they may well not know about it. Maybe you can find info on it on the internet and show it to your GP. I am not even sure if it is safe for long-term use.  Have you also tried dust mite protectors for you mattress, pillows and quilt? ELF Evolution make good quality covers - see Amazon. You can also buy a UV wand that will kill dust mites and a sonic emitter that will disrupt their feeding and breeding cycles. It takes 3 months to reduce the dust mite population by about 50%.   I was there myself until recently. Doctors and psychologists didn't agree and I was left floundering for about 20 years. It was a terrible time and I hope that you find a coping strategy much, much quicker than I did.  I think that solving any issue like this is incredibly complicated. It is very difficult for you to find any solution if your health care providers cannot agree on a diagnosis. Keep talking to them and incorporate their information into your coping strategies. However, realise that if they can't agree then it may well fall upon you to both manage them and do a lot of the research into the possibilities yourself. That is how I finally solved my issues, by taking full control of my situation. As you correctly say, the internet can't diagnose you but it can give you ideas of things to try.   I know what I am saying it probably very hard and unpleasant to digest. You want help but those who are best placed to give it don't agree. For the immediate future that fact won't change and the burden will fall back on you again - nasty as that it is. You are doing the right thing by asking here for advice. Unfortunately, the best I can do is to suggest that you take a longer term perspective. Educate yourself, try new things, treat the problem you are having as a difficult nut to crack - it certainly sounds like a difficult situation to be in. Read a little each week, but allow yourself time to acknowledge that at times you will need to stop looking for a solution due to exhaustion. That's OK but try not to completely give up.  Maybe you could ask your psychiatrist/doctor for medications that treat bipolar and/or depression. You may not fit the classic symptoms (as evidenced by the disagreement of the professionals) but that doesn't necessarily mean medication won't help. I would also look at cutting out possible dietary problems such as wheat, dairy etc. If diet is the problem then you should see improvements within a couple of weeks.   How is your sleep? Could poor sleep be a root cause? Some people get apnoea that prevents them entering REM and they wake up feeling rotten.   I did write an article trying to provide motivation to people in your position. If you are interested it is at: http://tinyurl.com/n8mz6je  You sound like you are a hard worker at the times when you are focussed. Maybe your main project should be to continue looking for a solution to the issues you describe.   Good luck. It sounds like you are in an unenviable position. I'm sorry I can't be of better help. It makes me sad to think that maybe there are people just starting on the journey that I started on 20 years ago.   Treatment wise I couldn't find anything that worked for me and I looked for about 20 years. Recently I gave up dairy products and now very frequently sleep straight through 6-8 hours a night. There was a time when I was getting 6 hours sleep per week. A small caveat to that it I recently switched to 50mg of Trazadone as well, but if I eat even two eggs during the day I won't sleep at night.  I am still trying to work out why I didn't try it before but I currently think that there really were no indicators of allergy or intolerance. Then again, maybe I am just trying to persuade myself that I am not totally stupid! I am bloody glad that the sleepless nights are over though.   Good luck to those who are still working on it. It can be a very painful experience to go through.   I can only assume that you have tried chronotherapy and low dosages of melatonin (300mcg). I read a book on this when I was trying to work out if that was my problem and the author claimed quicker sleep onset time of up to 8 hours for one DSPD patient. The book was 'Chronotherapy' by Dr. Michael Terman. I wrote a little about what I learned here: http://tinyurl.com/oldao5l  	9
 Thanks!   Test?   Thanks. I heard that it may be out sometime earlier this week, perhaps because of the staggered release of Developer Beta 3 and the Public Beta.   Low Power Mode for sure      Uhhhhh.... Google Maps for sure. Hell, even Here Maps by Nokia or Waze is better than Apple Maps.   I'm so very sorry that you were prescribed this poison.  Much of my former half of 2015 was spent discovering, starting, and then quickly trying to wean myself off of venlafaxine, and it was hell.  Way more trouble than it's worth in my humble opinion.   Notice the 'September 2015' estimated ship date.  If these guys aren't simply scamming us, I'll wager that September will be the time anything major happens in terms of shipping of backers' Hoppers.   Mine is very crashy. I can open it, but doing a small number of things within the app quickly crashes it. Lame....      I seriously love these things. Makes me want Krispy Kreme to come out with a Cap'n Crunch glazed doughnut.  	11
 Groovy   Who is that behind Arya?   That's pretty good   Tried to clean it too, when I realized it was part of the background I chuckled and went on with my life   Ah yes, oldie but good.  I remember reading this when I used to browse /x/ a couple of years ago.  A long read but worth it, just like the dionea house   I just wish for offline play, I usually play for an hour and my connection drops  :( why u so mean Blizzard   Sueño estéreo by Soda Stereo   Aenima by tool  Re by Café Tacvba     I wish my pnus was a salad    Oh yeah... Lol   Excuse me?   Well they sure as hell got me thinking they were made of steel or some alloy that was strong.  No wonder they crack when there's water in them and the temperature drops considerably.  	11
 See, Lonesome Road has always been one of the most confusing DLC of them all for me. I honestly never knew that sacrificing ED-E was an option. I always nuke both sides though c:   Whats the pistol mod?    Hey guys! Me and my buddy Zach are playing on 360 as Monk and Wiz, looking for anyone who wants to join! GT: Troop4921 or Blazedmage    Hey guys! I just got my xbox back and have been hankering to play Diablo since I got it and I don't like playing alone. So, if theres anyone willing, I could use a group to play with!:) Gamertag: Troop4921 (I have a new character who is only lvl 8 Witch Doctor)   YES MY NAME IS THE SAME ON HERE AS IT IS ON THERE    YO SO I TOTALLY SAW THIS ON INSTAGRAM    I think main quests in FO3, Andale fucked me up worst. FNV, the scripted but never played, Lone Wolf radio quest. DLC's wise, definitely Operation Anchorage from FO3 tripped me up cause [in the beginning the Outcasts were so kind and open unlike normal, then they turn like assholes.](/spoiler) and Old World Blues from FNV.   A Vault of 100 men and 100 women, and 50 teenagers of each gender. Males are given drugs similar to Buffout and Viagra, to boost testosterone.They're also told that their whole reason is to produce children. All females are give phermones and small amounts of birth control. 50% of the females, however, are infertile and unable to have children.  Eventually, the infertiles would kill themselves or steal kids. It would be cruel but entertaining.   May I post to /r/ODST? Or could you post it on there too?:)   Sixteen Tons   Gotta say Mickey!:)   GAH! Had I not lost my power cord in my recent move, I'd have totally jumped on in an instant.   lol I've played with him, you can definitely get good help out of him.   To be honest I haven't put that much thought into it. I was planning on listing all of the short stories and otherwise in a PDF and putting it on Google Docs. I have the start of a file on my laptop that I might put onto Google docs for you to view it will be similar to that but not exactly. I would really love to have all the characters and everything but I feel like that would be even more information than what's necessary. All of the Spartans would be a possibility but even at that there's a lot of them.   Uh, I helped with the timeline lol. No, I'm thinking more of a compilation of things like "Dirt" and like, other small written stories that are either entirely canon or at least 80% canon.   I'm not too bright on the whole minilore part, but I think he may be referring to the forerunner engine within the Infinity which runs on an energy source besides fusion reactors and whatnot.   So, me being the big nerd lore junkie that I am, I decided to take the task upon myself to compile all the possible halo lore things that I can. I have a solid start owning all the books except for the Forerunner series, and SEVERAL pdf's of stories.  So, if you have fanfics you've written (that are mostly canon please) that you want compiled, please, link them in the comments.   Uh, the house across from the street from the goodsprings general store has safe storage so...   I just moved and forgot my power cord otherwise I would join you! GT: Troop4921 for future reference though.   May I suggest a x-post to r/ODST?   I think it'd be great    A few months ago, there was a post that had ODST armor in it. Anyone remember the name of it?   Yeah, sadly there isn't A TON of stuff for this game, unlike the MC series which has the most. I'm going to try and post some more now that I'm back.   Actually, we can amass quite a following sometimes, especially right before games release or right after, when everyone wants nostalgia from their favorite games. Ive has several completely full game nights were I had to have someone host another game for overflow.   Hey guys, what's up? After a lot of months of inactivity and not being able to even check my own subreddit at times, I am back which means I can start arranging game nights, days, weeks, anything you guys want as a community, I can deliver!  Just ask and ye shall receive!   To answer your first question; Not necessarily it's own **multiplayer** maps but it does have Firefight which is a lot of fun. Second question; I don't believe you can. I know others beat me to the draw but, as a moderator, it makes me feel good to answer the questions!     As long as they don't change that beautiful ODST Armor, I'd love to see ODST's in Halo 5. However, with what little plot we can speculate from the few bits we've been given, I don't see ODST's playing much of a role other than canon fodder aside Chief and Agent (forgive me cause I dont remember his name) Thorne.  To answer your question however, /u/Itgraham , ODST's will never be obsolete due to their role they can play with the Insurgance following the war. If you haven't read the Kilo-5 series (Glasslands, Thursday War, Mortal Dictata) I would highly suggest them. Also, its suggested that some S-IV's are previous ODSTs because the S4s were normally SpecOps or the top of their class.   diggin it   Collect misc items like empty syringe's and empty jet inhalers and sell them to A Quick Fix in Rivet City, pretending that they turn around and fill them up and sell them.   I had a wolverine claws mod and played about the first half as wolverine. Another mod to suggest is Ties That Bind, which adds an older sister and a great storyline.  My suggestion: The Boy Scout High Perception and Charisma; Only use weapons that you make or are given.; Make use of EVERYTHING you pick up during the day and if you cant use it by midnight, drop it; Wear clothing sets with low DT but use perks to make up for the obvious defense loss.   I LOVE IT!    Yeah, I don't know what was up with it. I was using a new streamer so that might have been messing with it.      Well, that answers that. Thank you, sir!   Okay, so as the title rather plainly states, I was reading (re-reading actually) Glasslands when I read something that caught me up a bit.  In Chapter 13 I believe, BB is debriefing the team about Halsey's past because they just found out she was alive in the Dyson Sphere. During this debriefing, BB mentions something that raised an eyebrow for me.  1. He says that Halsey "...stole an entire slipspace drive so she could experiment with extending the lives of AIs." Q: Do you think she was doing this for Cortana and John or for AI another AI she was planning to make?  I'm open to any and all suggestion, unless this is cleared up in a later book.   I won't be on but any of the others on here might be.      Hey all you Helljumpers! I know I have been away for a while but tonight(and all the other nights) is GAME NIGHT!!!!  What does this mean?: Well, for all you first timers, it means plenty of achievements, unlockables, and cool stuff that you won't have to waste all you alone time doing.  How do I join?: Simple, just drop your GT in the comments or message me, Troop4921 on XBL, and I will add you in the list. If it gets too big, we will start another party.  What do we do?: Achievement Hunt, discuss, reminece, argue, have fun, and break the game. Ask previous members, it is loads of fun!  So, hopefully, I will see you all on the battlefield! ~train_subject896    Do you have a skype I could voice call you at since I dont have my mic    lol i have all but the firefights but on top of me knowing a great majority, it'll be helpful     I am the /r/ODST moderator and we are hosting a game night tonight, so if anyone does need help, I am more than available!:)   I'm open! GT: Troop4921      Mind if I repost this on r/ODST?    You chose a perfect time my friend, because I, almighty moderator I am(lol im not really this arrogant), just got on spring break so I will be able to join my own subreddits game night! Whats your gamertag friend?    As a Kansas/Missouri resident, I like the idea. However, I don't think super mutants would have gotten this far depending on the time. I feel like the Enclave or Brotherhood would be the huge factions fighting, kinda like in FO3 but maybe utilizing the Warzones idea.   Oi m8 u made me giggl   Yeah, a few of my friends had viewed it and told me the same. It was perfectly fine preupload so I am kinda confused as to what the hell happened. Working on it. Might replace it here in a bit.         So I was going through and re-doing all my mods and I was hoping some of you on here could suggest a few good face and scenery texture mods. I just deleted BEWARE OF THE GIRL so do not suggest that. I want, like, an actual pack that changes everyones faces to looking super high quality even if I only have it on High-q setting.  Any help would be wonderful!:)   Has anyone gotten the NV yet?    My collection is fully complete thanks to this.   I don't know. McAfee blocked rainmeter when I downloaded it a fewyears back.    Okay so the story time behind this: I normally play on really bad graphics in fullscreen mode cause anything higher than Fine outside of windowed mode, crashes my laptop. So I recently went back to windowed mode w/ Ultra Fine graphics and it blew me away how beautiful everything was and how much I missed because of it. This picture is unmodded graphically. Just tm, and tfc.      Yeah, and apparently I was high on some Buffout.  	57
 Thanks for being appropriate, HumanMilkshake.   Hah, maybe in a few years I'll check that out.    Nude surfing in front of slipknot would've been a much nicer way to go about it, haha.    I mean I've had much more fucked things happen to me, this was pretty tame. I think I have a very botched perspective on my sexuality/boundaries because of my past experiences.    I'd have to wait a few years, haha. Thank you for the advice though.    I've thought about it for a while, I was genuinely just curious. I wouldn't even be able to do it until I'm of age as well.    Oh yeah. It's totally inappropriate and wrong to expose a person against their will. I'm lucky that I happen to have the interests I do have or that would've probably ruined my night and been horrifying.    Oh yeah, I don't know how to describe the feeling exactly but I just feel more like myself, if that makes sense.   	8
 I've never acted any differently on my period that I know of.   That certainly isn't the norm though.  I went into shock having my wisdom teeth taken out, but that isn't too common.   I sometimes dread sneezing because I know someone is going to say, "Bless you," and I'm a bitch if I don't say, "Thank you."  I'd rather everyone just ignore my sneeze.   Apparently a colposcopy can be similar to the pain of being kicked in the balls. I told a guy once about my experience, and he said, "Hey, that sounds like getting kicked in the balls!"   Your whole body doesn't shut down. That would be going into shock, which is life threatening. A lot more men would be dying from a kick to the balls if that were the case.   Women can have something similar. Sexual stimulation leads to some swelling, which can cut off part of the urethra. It makes it more difficult to urinate.    Pedophilia involves an attraction to prepubescent children. 13-year-olds are not prepubescent.      Sierra Leone publicly mutilates thieves, but continues to have the highest rates of robbery in the world.  You'd think history would teach us something about this. Mutilations and death were popular punishments, but the past still had very high rates of crime. Much higher than today.   TIL giving them treatment to stop them from molesting kids is telling them it's okay to molest kids.     Public mutilations and executions do nothing. For instance, Sierra Leone publicly mutilates thieves but they have the highest rates of robbery.  All executing pedophiles would do is make treatment impossible, so more children would end up being molested in secret.  You'd rather feed your bloodlust than applaud a treatment that works and stops kids from being harmed.   Being happy that a treatment for pedophiles is working is supporting pedophiles and it's disgusting? LOL okay.    Pedophiles would quickly learn what was going on and not seek treatment. Now we're back to children being molested in secret instead of pedophiles being treated to stop them from doing such things.  In short, you'd rather feed your bloodlust than actually stop any children from being molested.   TIL being happy that a treatment for pedophiles works and stops them from abusing children makes you disgusting.   No. Being sexually attracted to children is not a crime.  However, acting on those urges is. If a man tells his therapist he molested a child, then the therapist has to tell the cops.   TIL being happy that pedophiles can seek treatment so they don't give in to their urges and hurt a child is...bad?   Support to pedophiles *getting treatment.*   Countries where they publicly execute people have the highest rates of violence.  The death penalty deters no one.   Except correction hasn't worked. They get out of prison and abuse kids again.  What has worked? Medical treatment.   *Federal* cemeteries. These are plots owned by the government.    If you want to get ahead, America isn't a great place to come. Our economic mobility (the ability to move from one economic class to another) has been declining in recent decades.   http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png  People from very poor countries might try to come here, but to really get ahead, the following countries will give you better luck: France, Spain, Japan, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden, Australia, Canada, Finland, Norway, and Denmark. Denmark is the best country in the world to get ahead.   They're citizens. That's all they need to deserve the aid. The richest country in the world has a responsibility to its citizens, especially since we elected them in.   Income equality doesn't mean that everyone makes the same amount of money. It means that everyone experiences growth in their income.   For instance, say Walmart's CEO's income goes up 5%. A cashier's income should go up 5% too, since their work helped make that happen. The CEO is still making a lot more than the cashier.   I just like to control every aspect of their lives, good or bad!   It's against Reddit's policy to ban subreddits solely for their content though, as long as it's legal.  That's not saying they can't change that policy if they wish, but it's hypocritical to make that claim and then ban subreddits for content.   Reddit has an official policy regarding free speech though. They don't ban subreddits solely for content as long as said content is legal.   People who like to say "a private company can censor whatever they want," in regards to Reddit don't seem to know it's official policy for them not to.   Redditors who bring free speech into it are referring to that policy, not because they think Reddit doesn't have a legal right to censor whatever they please.   Just because someone jerks off to something doesn't make it porn. If I masturbate to photos of clouds, is it porn? Or am I just a weirdo who gets a sexual thrill out of innocent things?   Definition of porn:   the depiction of erotic behavior (as in pictures or writing) intended to cause sexual excitement  And the Supreme court has ruled that nude photos/videos of children are legal as long as they aren't sexually stimulating.    Look at the movie Pretty Baby. It had a full frontal shot of a 12-year-old Brooke Shields nude. Romeo and Juliet from 1968 has nudity from a 16 and 17-year-old. American Beauty had a shot of 17-year-old Thora Birch's boobs. None of those movies will get you arrested for child porn.   What makes something porn is the intent of who created it.   I didn't mention Creepshots.   That's for the Supreme Court to interpret, as the Constitution does not specify.   It isn't porn at all unless it was taken with the intent of being sexual.  There's a photo of me when I was 16 in my bra and panties sitting on the couch because it was easily 100 degrees. Not porn. I was just sitting there in my underwear. Does it become porn if someone jerks himself to it?   I'm an egalitarian, and I use both women's rights arguments and men's.  It's very possible to be a reasonable MRA. They just attract a lot of redpillers.   I must be in the minority. I have never felt unsafe doing anything as a woman.   Generally, which is fine with me because I am so sore by that point.  He takes a long time to come.  He does try to finish me off before he comes though.   I think it would be really uncomfortable.  It's funny though. I was just thinking the other day that despite being part fish, mermaids have to be mammals because they have boobs!   Thanks for the info! But do you know why they say there is a margin of error of a week (even 8 days) if there is that much a difference in the fetus between weeks?   Jailbait wasn't child porn, at least from what I saw. They were jerking off to pictures of teenagers in their underwear and bathing suits, but that isn't porn because the photos weren't taken with the intent to be sexual.    They do have real world value. Look at how many people are clueless when it comes to history, for instance. They insist the Civil War wasn't about slavery (seriously, reading the declaration of secession of those certain states tells you it was, so people aren't even studying the issue on their own) and they have no idea that the Confederate flag was put up in the 60s on government buildings to protest the civil rights movement. People flat out oppose unions and government regulation because they have no idea what it was like before we had those things.  General education makes people more well read and aware of the world around them.   Trades are great and should be subsidized, but education isn't useless and valueless if it won't land you a job. It's important for your voting population to be educated.   Trade schools are meant to train you for jobs, not college. College is for general higher education and critical thinking.   The Constitution does say the federal government does have the right to look over the general welfare of states.   He won't, sadly.   Trades are supposed to train you for a job, not college in general. College is for general higher education and critical thinking.   Free speech doesn't cover advice on how to commit a crime. That's illegal.   I'm *pretty* sure that's illegal.  I am an advocate of free speech, certainly, but advice on how to commit a crime is just illegal.  I just looked at one of these forums, and I'm pretty sure they're trolling. One post was by a woman asking for tips on how to get raped.   I really don't think my mood is any different at any point in my cycle.   I give 0 shits about Nintendo, but I see no reason to believe he was a bad guy so RIP.   Mentally ill people just need to grow up!   They gave the names of the people involved. This one is real.      This makes me wonder why people put co-workers and bosses on Snapchat.   I love my boyfriend, so more sex than I need is a better trade off.   I have no desire to get back at my ex. Grow up, people.   Should you be able to have their shit checked, their teeth checked, and ask them for a list of their medications too?   I have a much lower sex drive than my boyfriend, but I know if I don't put out he could find someone else and I don't want that to happen.  So I make sure we have sex several times a week, unless I am sick or something like that.  Talk to her about it before you consider breaking anything off. All my boyfriend had to do was talk to me.   http://www.dsausa.org/what_is_democratic_socialism   Sanders is a democratic socialist, and wants to model countries like Finland, Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden, Norway, etc.  All those countries practice democratic socialism.   So doing nothing because a video took place in the past (therefore making doing something impossible) is worse than laughing and cheering at said video because you enjoy the suffering of people? LOL okay.   It should really depend on how drunk.  I've been drunk and consented to sex.   And what did you think of it?   I feel the same way and I hate kids.   The FBI changed their definition of rape, and they're federal.   They're probably talking about this:  http://i.imgur.com/cIiJ1Sy.jpg   http://i.imgur.com/cIiJ1Sy.jpg  I think they're talking about this.   If that helps you sleep at night.   I mourned the deaths of several children, I did not cheer because they died.   Looks like the kid shouldn't have had the phone to begin with.  Let your kid play with your phone to reward them for being good, not to placate them so they won't scream.   Sitting at your computer cheering them on is the same as standing there and cheering them on.   "Horrifying?" More like justice served.   Love these videos. I'd much rather them tied to a post and burned at the stake old school style cause I've always wanted to see that.   You spelled satisfying wrong.   I never thought I'd say this, but I literally can't watch this video and had to turn it off. ( because I have to go start dinner. I'll be back to enjoy it later).     So you commented on what he said without knowing what he said because you don't care?   Setting kids on fire while watching, cheering and laughing?  People in this very thread were doing the same thing from their computer chairs.   I haven't looked into Divergent yet, but IMO Hunger Games has nothing on Harry Potter. HP's characters are much more distinct and thought out, and the fantasy world is much more interesting.     Hunger Games, Twilight, and 50 Shades don't have the plot intricacies and the imaginative fantasy world of Harry Potter, though.   Insulted, sure. But it's a bit rich for someone who can be 100% certain that their child is theirs get angry because someone else wants that certainty too.   I am tired of attention.  Says the person who took a photo of themselves on the toilet.   Because egalitarians don't care about any of that!   That's a pretty rude thing to say to your kid, but I get the general attitude.   I worked at Wendys. We did not do this.   I don't think this is illegal. You asked what you could get for $10, and they willingly gave you the amount they did.   I order water at fast food restaurants and then fill the cup with soda.  Yes, it's theft, but as I just paid you $10 for about $2 worth of food, I don't feel guilty.   ETA: And all the weirdos who think it shouldn't piss off your pregnant wife if you demand a paternity test.  Geneticists have estimated that 10% of men are unwittingly raising kids that aren't theirs, so a paternity test is a very reasonable request.  http://www.canadiancrc.com/Newspaper_Articles/Globe_and_Mail_Moms_Little_secret_14DEC02.aspx   I read that dating ultrasounds during and before the 13th week are pretty accurate because fetuses are growing at the same rate at this point, but the margin of error is a whole week, some say 8 days.   Is this margin of error accounting for slight differences in the CRL of each fetus, slight mistakes the tech might make (millimeters are very tiny, a mouse click too soon or too late could throw off the measurement), or maybe both?   Because no one in Europe makes decisions about their own lives.   Democratic socialism =/= socialism.   Well, the people who ruined it were the ones who created it. It was created as a battle flag for the Confederate army. It was always racist and aggressive.   They seem to be missing the part where Jake was drunk too.  Why does the woman get to have sex with a drunk person?   Hopefully someone gave up their claim to the $50K and just threw her into a river.   That's fine, but you'd be wrong then if you went around claiming slavery was illegal.  There's no opinion when it comes to legal definitions. I think it's stupid that a 17-year-old in porn is considered child porn, but I can't claim it isn't because it's a legal definition.   Other civil rights are already restricted. You can't protest in certain areas. You need a permit for assembly if you have enough people. Slander and libel are illegal.   It's just when it comes to guns that people think rights should be completely unrestricted because Americans have a gun sized hole in their brains.   Because what we need is untrained people walking around with hidden guns.   Birth control is a medication prescribed by a doctor. It isn't a condom.   We need to do away with this horrible healthcare system, but for now, this is a good thing.   He has given literally billions to charity.   But again, his point is that his income needs to be in a higher tax bracket.    One thing that has always bothered me about Warren Buffett is how he went on and on about how he needs to be taxed more. No one is stopping him from giving the government more money.  His point wasn't that he personally should be taxed more as much as it was that people who make the amount of money he does aren't taxed enough.   There's the thing: Congress is allowed to tax you to create revenue for the government. It's in the Constitution.   Now, you're allowed to vote for who most shares your ideals. You can vote for someone who believes tax dollars shouldn't go to the poor. That counts as your say in how that revenue should be spent.   Saying people shouldn't be "forced" to help the poor in this manner is the same as saying people shouldn't be "forced" to pay for the roads.   It isn't a matter of opinion. For one, theft is a legal definition. The Constitution gives Congress the right to tax. So it's legal, thus not theft.   I don't think a lot of those are her.   I had armpit hair at 10.   It isn't too uncommon for girls to start their periods at age 8 these days.   The Desitin keeps it itch free mostly.   TIL Greece is socialist.   That's actually the most interesting comment I've read when it comes to this whole Arianna Grande affair.   83% of the USA identifies as Christian.  Shut the hell up.   Huh, I didn't know being a ho could land you in jail...   I was told I am not privileged by this test.  Apart from being poor as hell and having mental health issues, I don't think it's that bad.    if people just love them because they're breaking the law and passing out free stuff.  This. I admit it.      Last night I discovered I have a yeast infection, probably from the antibiotics I am on. I put on some Desitin and I'm waiting for it to go away.  My last YI was two years ago, and that went away as well. I've never gone to the doctor for one.    Spraying him with a spray bottle.   Wait...you did say cats right?   Oh believe me, I'm voting for him.  But sadly, don't expect him to get into office. He won't.   Heated driveways.   Last year I worked in retail, and I was out in the parking lot getting the carts. We had been closed for about 15 minutes. It wasn't unusual for cars to stop by close to me and ask if we were closed around this time, so when a red car did so I didn't think it was strange.  He rolled down the window and asked, "Are you guys closed now?"  I answered, "Yep, 15 minutes now."   Usually the cars drive off at this point, but this guy (I honestly can't remember what he looked like, since I didn't think it was weird at the time so he didn't stick out) asked, "Could you come here for a second then?"  I have the carts lined up now and I don't have time to deal with a customer who I've just informed the store is closed. I just want to get my tasks done, help my co-workers with their tasks, and see if we could get out out of there in a hurry.   I tell the man, "No, sorry. I have to get these carts up to the store so we can lock the doors."   He insists, "I just have a question, it won't take a moment to answer. Can you just come help me?"   I'm a little unnerved by this, but I just say, "Sorry, I can't," and begin to push the carts to the store. Thankfully he just drove away.  The scary thing is that when I got up to the store, the front doors were locked. They weren't supposed to be locked until everyone was done working outside for safety issues just like this, but sometimes they got locked early for some reason. I pressed the buzzer that let the manager in the office know I was outside, and she let me in.   But if that guy had gotten it into his mind to stay in the parking lot and saw that the front doors were locked and I was stuck outside, what then? Would he have tried to abduct me?  I was still unnerved, but not really shaken or disturbed. The full impact of what could have happened hit me when I got home. I always told my boyfriend about any weird or annoying customers I encountered during my shift, and when I told him about this, he asked, "Did you tell the manager?"   I said no, and he scolded me. "The guy was an obvious creeper, and you didn't think to tell anyone?" He even wanted to alert the police, but I didn't see the point because the only thing I could remember about the car was that it was red. I couldn't even tell you what type it was. The man's features weren't really distinguished at all either.  Maybe nothing would have happened and the guy didn't realize how creepy be was being, but in any case, I'd rather not meet again.   I'm almost 317 months!   While I see nothing morally wrong with older teenagers (15+) taking nudes of themselves, it's pretty dumb to encourage someone to break the law.   I never liked math. Even in grade school.    Funny enough, boys are falling behind in reading and writing but we never encourage them to become more involved in literature and writing.  Because literature and writing, while being important and valuable subjects, don't bring in the money.  I'm pretty much stuck being an office assistant my entire life because the only college majors that earn you any money are basically math and science...my two worst subjects.  Oh well. At least office assistants make more than fast food workers. For awhile I thought that's all I had in my future.   I wish history majors made money. If it did, I might actually not hate every job available to me.   Exactly. I find science fascinating, but it gets to a point where it becomes too much work to study to be fun.   Let's make up a character, then claim that's why females aren't into math and science as much as males!   Male sperm are that weak. Female sperm can take anything!   It should have gone like this, "Hey, George, good to finally get a hold of you! Have you decided to speak at the event? Huh? You require $100K to do it? To speak to veterans who fought in a war you started? Yeah, fuck you."   In 2012, we were 2nd worst. Now we're 6th worst.  I'd judge this claim as partially true.   TIL getting a fairer wage for your work is free shit.   I'm not paying a delivery fee for a $1.29 purchase, so it won't.   The Romanovs.   Jared Fogle isn't charged with anything yet.   My dad once thought it was appropriate to wake me up in the morning for school in his underwear...yeah. I guess he thought the room would be too dark for me to notice.  	126
 I've been touched inappropriately by a girl at a party once. She slid her hand down my boxers. I had a girlfriend at the time and it was definitely unwanted. Sadly, I just left the party. No one should have to deal with that.    I mainly try to keep my family out of my business. I don't have a good relationship with my parents and my family just seems to find out things about my life and give their unsolicited opinions.    Coldplay: one thing I love about them is that each album of music represents a different era in their career.   My favorite era is their "A Rush of Blood to the Head" days   I'm new here so I didn't know that was a thing   I had no idea people could be so pretentious in an online forum   I've only seen a few episodes of Freak Show but I really want to watch the rest of it. I have Netflix but it's currently not available on Netflix.    I just hated all of the bandwagon fans   I could not stand Miami Heat fans when Lebron, DWade, and Chris Bosh were playing together    I think the bigger issue here is the idea that men are supposed to act a certain way; when OP differed from this ideal, he was seen as effeminate.   And that's bullshit   This is probably too late but  Meek Mill - Dreams Worth More Than Money / Death Cab for Cutie - Kintsugi     Panic attacks are usually indicative of some sort of anxiety disorder. Please go talk to a doctor or therapist, if possible.   *Edit: I forgot to mention I have OCD so I can definitely relate. You are not the only guy, trust me.    This still doesn't answer the question about his dad's ....   If you are renting an apartment, make sure you give your landlord a 60 day notice if you plan on ending your lease   Look for women who are the antithesis of your mother   I'm always late to the party :(   Seriously though, now people view me as unstable   I have OCD and clinical depression. I do not feel as if I can talk to anyone about it. I only mention it to people who also suffer from mental health issues because I feel as if they understand best.   Some of the main reasons that I do not talk about my depression are the following:   *I don't want to be told to simply stop being so sad *I don't want to be viewed as the crazy, unstable guy *I also don't want to be pitied *People think that those who are depressed can be too much to handle      I definitely can see similarities in myself. Thank you for answering   I don't think I could    You and me both   I like to talk to it about my day   That's the toughest part. You know the sweet side of her and you try to convince yourself that part of her still exists somewhere deep down. However, you realize how unhealthy it is to be with her.    I am actually in this same struggle with your right now and it's been really difficult to deal with. Also, I've dealt with religious obsessions in the past. People really underestimate how much of a toll this can have on your life.    For me, the biggest realization was when I stopped making excuses for her emotionally abusive behavior. I started listening to advice from my friends and family. I actually acknowledged the pain she was causing instead of denying it.    I'm scared I'm going to date someone who is just like my mother   You are dating his daughter, which is most likely one of the things that he values most in life. He is probably going to try to intimidate you, but more importantly he is mainly just concerned. Stand your ground and show him that you are a young man who is confident in your ability to care for his daughter.    Normally, it's every two or three days. However, lately it's been once a day.    Finally, people who understand me.   I have mommy and daddy issues. I believe parents have three main responsibilities to their children: physical nourishment, financial security, and emotional support. My parents both emotionally abandoned me as a child. They clearly stated that they wanted nothing to do with me in an emotional sense. My parents also gaslight me among other things.   My mommy issues cause me to subconsciously choose girls that are like my mother. I often choose girls who are too controlling or who do not reciprocate my love and affection.    I would like to PM you if you are okay with helping me.    I don't think anyone has mentioned this yet, but Good Will Hunting has some pretty sad parts.    I have experienced these obsessions and I think this is definitely a form of magic thinking. I try to remind myself that just because I do or do not do something, my actions do not constitute harm.    I will agree with you. Although I have not worn a jock strap in years, I used to wear them when I played baseball. Compression shorts bundle up your jewels too much. I don't understand the fear of jock straps.    One thing about OCD is that in may start in one form of obsessions but move to another.   Recently, I have experienced homosexual obsessions and have this deep rooted fear that I might be gay because I have never tried being gay. I've been heterosexual my whole life.   I know how it feels and I can truly say that it is awful. You begin to question your reality and wonder if what you know about yourself is true.    Depends on how much the tickets are   Definitely music, of any genre   I'm paranoid that if I open up and show the more emotional sides of me, people will run away    Love and Other Drugs   To be held   "But he gotta get rid of these hoes for me"    I don't even cry when I chop onions. I think my tear ducts are broken   I was taking it around bed time. I couldn't take it in the morning or that would really knock me out   Medication has different effects for everyone. Luvox probably helped me the most but it made me exhausted to the point where I was falling asleep in class.    I do not think emotional ranges directly coordinate to femininity. That being said, you can have an extremely emotional movement and still maintain masculinity; contrary to popular belief.    Just curious, which mental health problems do you have? I have depression but I also have a bad relationship with both parents therefore I was wondering if it was a connecting factor   I hope you get out soon sir   This will probably result in a physical altercation lolol   I have been in a similar situation before. A person can only take so much; there will come a day when you will have reached your limit. She also probably isn't going to change    I have a general numb feeling in life. I can't really feel much of anything anymore except pain    I have three tattoos and my parents would probably hit me too. It's been almost a year since I left and they haven't found out yet. I'm in the same boat as you are but I wasn't going to allow them to stop me from living my life.    A few times a year   I do and I wrote [a story](http://www.reddit.com/r/OCD/comments/2leh5b/my_ocd_story_a_journey_into_scrupulosity/) about this. You can check it out and PM me if you want to talk    This is an interesting response but I would have to say that I believe people are more naturally inclined to offer support to a woman who has been crying. I do not believe that this same support is easily offered to men.    Earlier this week, there was a [thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/3aij3n/what_do_you_think_women_should_try_so_that_they/csd3zki) about what women should try in order to understand men better. I responded to this thread by stating that women should try being judged for crying in public. An interesting response lead me to ask this question.   When was the last time you found yourself to the point of tears in a public place? Also, do you feel that you face more judgment as a man for crying? Or do you feel as if the judgment would be equal if you were a woman crying in public?   	54
 Thanks, you're so kind ♡   Oh good god. It's a great idea and thank you but origami is so frustrating. I get what you mean in the last paragraph though :) I love helping kids construct things :)  	2
 It seems like Catcher in the Rye is a book that people either love or hate. Some people feel like its devoid of meaning, but some people resonate with the character's feelings. It's really interesting how literature does that.   I share your frustration! But I keep coming back to it because I love how Fitzgerald describes things, such as, “For a moment the last sunshine fell with romantic affection upon her glowing face; her voice compelled me forward breathlessly as I listened - then the glow faded, each light deserting her with lingering regret, like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk.” And he writes things like “And I like large parties. They’re so intimate. At small parties there isn’t any privacy.” and “I love New York on summer afternoons when everyone's away. There's something very sensuous about it - overripe, as if all sorts of funny fruits were going to fall into your hands.”     	2
    The Flash Season 1 Episode 23:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUJTrYG32gI  andnbsp;  Man of Steel:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-j7lezDWh4M  ___  Both heroes are told not to use their powers, and to let the inevitable happen.   As if there's nothing interesting in store for them in seasons to come.   Oh really? Please enlighten us on all the "many mistakes".   tl;dr  But there is Star City. Which they hinted at when Ray Palmer made his pitch or whatever for Queen Inc./Palmer Tech.   Me too, I love the show. I think Season 4 will give us the lighter-hearted Oliver Queen.   Probably not, but there will be hundreds of videos of the important stuff, then in a few weeks or months, you'll get the full panels so you can hear Stephen Amell profess his bromance with Diggle for the hundredth time xP   Roger that.   It's a shame they wasted huge villains like Komodo and Count Vertigo in a matter of one episode.  EDIT: and Brick.   No, they wanted to do Onomatopoeia but they did Mr.Blank instead when Kevin Gates (creator of Onomatopoeia) said there was no way to bring that character to television or film.   Talia Al Ghul will just feed the critics that want to say this is a Batman-ripoff, even though the only true exclusive Batman villains on the show were: Firefly, Deadshot and the Dollmaker.    Well she did train with a pro boxer and Nyssa.   ah okay, yea I see it now, rewatching it. The red eyes. :D   I like the Felicity/Oliver relationship, I just wish they would've handled it better. Like Diggle and Lyla's relationship.   Clearly it's the dude says these beautiful quotes (DIGGLE!!!!):   * "Damnit Oliver, you would've been dead ten times over if it wasn't for me" * "I guess from now on, I'll be watching you pee" * "My secret identity is his black driver" * "You know, Oliver, somebody once told me that secrets have weight. The more you keep, the harder it is to keep moving." * "Felicity, I don't think there's a force on earth that can make you a bad person." * "Things are as good now as ever will be Oliver. And you love her. You even told her so." ... (Oliver: "I was trying to fool Slade.") ... "Yes, except now the only person you're fooling is yourself."  **Currently my favourite Diggle Quote**:  * " I don't know. For the first time since I met Oliver Queen I don't know what happens next. I know it's silly, but I still like to think of myself as Oliver's bodyguard. I just couldn't protect him. It's funny. He was worried something would happen to me."  ___  andnbsp;  There are many more, but I'll leave it at that.   I'm pretty sure Cisco made it. He reconstructed the particle accelerator to hold meta-humans.   Why couldn't Oliver survive on his own when he got to Lian Yu?   Same answer.   Merlyn is affiliated with the LoA in the comics, and the only reason the League was even a huge plot was because of Merlyn. Other than that, it was just some assassin group that Sara joined. Also, Black Canary has ties to the LoA as well. So the Sara/Nyssa and Laurel/Nyssa scenes were a nod to that.   wtf?   How? would he cum at super speed?   Well that's a shitty parent if I've ever seen one.   LOL  "Thea Queen! Where is Malcolm Merlyn"  "I-I don't know... please don't hurt me"  *throws broken glass* *fights for like 3 seconds*  "Stay away from me and my father"  *runs and jumps off a balcony.... and survives with no grappling hook or anything*   in real life he does, right now.   yea, apparently he made those android like the members of the Justice League... I assume it's something similar to Sentinels in X-Men.   Yea, he was a doctor searching for a cure for his wife's mental illness.   Thankfully I only decided to go back to AO3 today, I have the most updated version of my story on Wattpad.   Nevermind.  **Please note:** Unposted drafts are only saved for a month from the day they are first created, and then deleted from the Archive.   So I had started an Arrow/The Flash fanfiction on AO3, and decided to use Wattpad instead because I like it's layout, but today I decided to return to AO3.. and my story is gone, I hadn't posted it yet, I was in the middle of writing chapter 1. Does AO3 delete inactive stories in progress? Also when I went to "edit works" I saw 2 project(I guess you could call them) that were blank.   I don't think they're dating.   NOOOO GRODD! NO GRODD PLEASE NO! NO! NO! NOOOO!!!!!   Ah alright, sorry if I came off as angry or anything, I thought you were being mean and tried to prove you wrong.    comparing Smallville Green Arrow to 2015 CW's Arrow.  I think they can work something out, after all, he was sleeveless on the island, where he faced some pretty crazy shit.   Highly doubtful, with his child's age (if that is Connor Hawke), and if it's not gonna be Connor Hawke, I doubt we'd see a season with someone other than Connor or Oliver as the Green Arrow.   well groddamn.... I don't... but I do hope for a Season 1/Season 2 Felicity. I want the quirky computer genius not the "Season 2 Laurel" wannabe with no reason to be that emotional.  	34
 My name's uncommon enough in the US that I'm pretty much 100% sure it won't be in.  	1
 It's what every home needs!   I used an old makeup brush and dabbed it on :) shaker is an excellent idea thank you    Yours look awesome! i think they are slightly differently shaped to my UK ones? i like yours SO much :)   Yeah it says on the front it can be lethal! My friend thought it was toothpaste and said she would have tried to touch it if I hadn't told her    I asked everyone to save theirs too :)   Thank you so much _   I ordered vinyl stencils from a seller on eBay, he let me choose the font and size and them made them. It was a lot cheaper and safer than attempting to make them myself. _      I'm the same but I carry about five on me at all times and search for ones all over the world...   This is me, fantastic boyfriend, new amazing job, great, caring friends and I'm just 'meh' about it all. I'd rather go to sleep and never wake up sometimes.    Where are you from? Please call someone who can help. Please PM me if you need to talk. We are here. X   Haha! I'm fairly new and do that a lot too! I'm exactly like you, a place for everything and everything in it's place, definitely when it comes to makes. I'm horrified when people hVe insane makeup storage HOW DO THEY FIND ANYTHING!!   Hello :) thank you so much!   I actually studied psychology in uni :) but nothing you learn, nothing can prepare you for depression until you have it.   I think in 'on the road to recovery' but I have huge dips in out and out of it I think.   I also like to help people, I have a 'smile a day' Motto I'm trying to keep up everyday and it's to help of make someone help every day. Helping other people makes me feel like a better person, better person means a happier me. Because depression makes me feel worthless.   I usually just tell people I suffer with bad anxiety they say something and I say 'yeah it's odd isn't it, I don't know what causes it I just feel anxious now and then' people seem to give me a break more. Like people can understand feeling anxious and scared but they can't understand depression   Is depressed people tend to go over and over things a lot in our heads, repeating things that have already been resolved. I feel like I'm not listened to by the two people I love most in the world. So when I feel like I'm not listened to or they know what's best, I just think I'm a burden. Maybe they act differently because they are fed up of me and just going through the motions.   That's why I write everything down, because different days I feel differently, or I see things differently. Sometimes worse, sometimes better. At least with writing everything down you can get everything out and you can go back and read it and try and figure out what happened at that time that made you feel that way. Could it have been avoided or do you need to talk to that person.   Maybe you could try that? Depressed people are very paranoid :( we push away the people who are trying to help.    	14
 You'd be surprised. Some other guy I'm speaking with legit said gay men have lower standards, because men in general do.   Not really. There are three types. The "ugh men just see me as meat", the "I'm terrified so maybe if he thinks I'm with another man, they'll back off" and, as you said, the "ugh men are always trying to fuck me I look so good."   I understand. In my experience though, people who think they're always in the friendzone or whatever (aka not attractive to women) tend to have that mentality as well.    I like how you can both ignore what I wrote and read too much into my comments. Love it.    Yeah, the one kind likes men and the other kind likes women. That's all the difference really.  My goodness. Have you studied the topic? I can only accept such statements from someone who has actually studied the topic. Not some guy who think, oh since they're a guy, they can talk about how all men work.    I talked about all straight men, including the ugly ones who think they're so much better. Did you not understand my question? I'm not talking about the few top models who, yes, will get looks.   And again, you're not providing me with any source that says all men have lower standards, and I doubt you're a sociologist. You see, there is a difference between gay men and straight men.     As long as you aren't physically hurting someone or harassing them, you should be able to say what you want.  I would advise reconsidering what you just said. From a black person to a fellow black person.     You're a straight man writing 'rules of conduct' for both women and gay men. The only fact you said there is that men have more testosterone than women. And if you want to go there, levels of testosterone in men have dropped immensely in the past century. Does it mean men have become picky like women? And are athletic women less picky with who they are attracted to?   That doesn't mean gay men have lower standards when it comes to physical attraction. Because you do know there is a difference between physical attraction and sexual attraction? If most women think you're ugly, most gay men will, as well.  And that still doesn't make it right. Why get offended, or weirded out, when you just said it's a man trait? Why is it okay if a man does it to a woman, but to another man it's just "wow dude. no homo."   Says who, again? And where do gay men come into play in your argument?    Says who?   Well exactly. There's no difference between gay men and women (if you're a straight men). But straight men always think gay men are looking at them, when not. If you're not popular with the ladies based on your looks, why assume that somehow, gay men will look at you 'that way'?   The amount of attention you get from women will be about the same from gay men. Not all women acknowledge you, so don't act all weird around gay men because you don't want them to 'look at you that way'. Maybe two out of thousands will notice you. Unless you're drop dead gorgeous. But even if it is the case, why not just be flattered and move on?  (general you, not talking about you personally)    But it's not because a man is gay that they find every other men attractive. Their standards aren't lower than that of men, so if women don't look at you, don't assume gay men will.    My question is, why do straight men automatically think gay men are into them? I see this all the time.    I'm usually such a negative person, talking about negative stuff and wanting to hear the negative out of people's life (I guess to feel like I'm not completely doomed). Well let me change that, and ask about the good in your life!    I am quite the same as well. I always daydream about somehow having a very loving relationship, but I know for a fact it won't happen. It usually happens when I need comfort. Plus, right now, I am living with the most loving family/couple I ever met, and when they're loving to each other, I can't help but hate it, in a "Ugh ok we get it. Damn." even though I do not hate them at all.   But yeah. I'm alone for the rest of my life. Might as well stop daydreaming so much.    I regret I do not have confidence. It is one of those things I really wish I was born with. Actually, I guess I was, but I lost it immediately after birth or something, and at age 12-13, I had zero left. I hope one day that changes, but that's just me hoping. I don't see the situation changing, tbh.    Yeah. Now the trick is to know what you truly want. Being around her during those days only taught me that her lifestyle wasn't something I was envious of anymore. I wanted to be outgoing and sociable just like her, until yesterday when I had some sort of a meltdown from being overly stimulated (we spent the whole day out, which is something I never liked and never really did, unless I was alone and actively busy). We were in the middle of a theatre play, during the entr'act at 10 pm, when I just got up and left. Too much was happening and I wanted some time to myself. During that moment she was chatting with people she had just met, and in 15 minutes she got invited to a party. I went from "omg that is so cool how did she do that" to "good for her but I'm glad I'm not her" in seconds. I'm glad I'm more aware of my inability to enjoy being sociable. Just gotta accept it now.   I am not sociable at all. However, for the past four days, a college friend has been staying over and she is easily the most sociable person I ever met.   Well, I live in Germany but we went to school together in Canada, and she would approach literally everyone who spoke English. So I guess her trick is to find something her and the other person have in common, without it being too common.    An au-pair is someone who, in exchange of free boarding (often in a foreign country) must take care of her host family's children. You get a salary, but obviously not that much since you are taken care of. Normally, the only thing an au-pair has to pay for is her plane ticket and her bisa, but even then, some hot families pays for that (or pays for half)   Would it be considered a job? I'm an au-pair : )   Yeah, you're right. I'm a little too pessimistic about it. I'm afraid some aspects of my personality just won't change, as they are part of who I was "wired" to be though.    Hey, we're in the same timezone!   I was sitting on the sofa, and I thought a curl of hair was tickling my neck. I brush my hand against my neck and ... a bug. A green one, in the shape of a square, just crawling on my neck. I flicked it off and it fell off behind the sofa. Few minutes later, I think the tag from my shirt (it's on the side and low) is tickling my waist. I reach out to fix it so I don't feel it, same bug. This time, my hands pushes it on the sofa. I take a piece of paper, grab it, and flush it. Didn't work. Tried again. The thing is somehow surviving the tsunami the toilet is creating. Tried a third time. Finally, it is gone.  I took a baby wipe and just cleaned my neck like it's covered with toxic stuff.  Still paranoid as hell!    I love children, want children, but I don't think I am emotionally stable enough for it.    Honey, unlike you, I educate myself before forming an opinion on foreign things.   Try it sometimes.    Ok someone needs a serious lesson on culture. PSY uses humour, maybe a type of humour the Western world doesn't understand (though it is not that odd), to talk about an 'issue' that is prevalent in South Korea. In the district Gangnam which is part of Seoul, most of the inhabitants are rich old people. Those rich old people like young girls. PSY is portraying an old man under a ridiculous light, who's trying too hard to impress some 20 year old girl he likes.  Oppa in Korean is the word girls and women use when referring to an older male person you're close to, so including a boyfriend. So, Oppa Gangnam style = rich old boyfriend.   PSY has been around for AGES. He didn't do this for fame, he already had a descend carrier in South Korea. Dumb Western people who were bored saw this, made fun of it (partly because 'Omg what is this strange language), shared it with their friends, making it viral.    I only "cared" because they kept showing this overly dramatic adds on the side.    Nah, not e-stalking him really. I am very self-conscious, and he has already ignored one of my messages, and one day, I noticed that instead of having his name written in our convo, it said "Facebook User". So my self-conscious ass would verify often enough to make sure he has not blocked me.   I do this with anyone who deletes their Facebook profile a short period after we've had an (unsuccessful) conversation.    I think I am, because once he has read what I hdd written to him, and he hasn't replied. It really made me feel terrible. Like I was too annoying.    I'v messaged him once, he read it, and never replied. Then days later he deleted his Facebook. I honestly thought I was just blocked.       A college friend is coming over to my place tomorrow. She was supposed to come on Sunday, but she cancelled and said she'd find another date, that got me angry and I didn't want her to stay over where I am anymore (this is no hotel!) but turns out she has no place to go. I feel bad, so she's staying over. So, my room is dirty (sick this weekend, didn't clean up), I need to wash my sheets and carpet, I need to find things to do with her for the next five days ... I am nervous.    But why not talk casually, maybe start with a friendship, then see if the woman (since now I know you're not a kid so please let's refer to "girls" 18+ as women) if the woman for you, and if you're personality match, then just ask her on a date, on fine evening, and if she accepts, yay! If not, at least you have a friendship, and hopefully, it was genuine.    Yeah! Some receptionists just say "There's something for you at my desk" or "Something just arrived and it's for you" or any variants, and you go and find out yourself.    Ah I see. Yeah when I hear it, it usually flows automatically. Hmm it is odd.    Yes, but her job is to tell you that something is here for you. Whatever it is doesn't matter, but the fact that it's here, is.    "or whatever" is slang though. It's just ... How can I explain this ... People seem to say it when they think they're just saying details, as in "I'm saying this but it's not so important. Whatever else I'm saying is, though."  For instance, I want to talk to you about the cool bag I saw today. I'd say: "So I was in the mall with this guy or whatever, when I looked through x store window display, and I saw this bag!!"   She could be saying it for another reason, but yeah. It's also slang.    I know what you mean. What I am saying though, is that talking to a girl and a boy is the exact same thing. The difference is the comfort level you have with whichever gender. I'm a girl, been around only girls and women from the age of 12, until the age of 17. College was traumatizing as hell since I was, all of a sudden, in a mixed environment, and talking to a woman was much easier. However, it turned out to be the same as talking to a man.    Not really. If she's a loner and an outcast everywhere she is, that's exactly the opposite of most teens. If she says she is a loner and an outcast, there's a 50% chance she's saying this to sound edgy, but there's also a 50% chance she's been for real. If she's a loner and an outcast within the family only, then yeah I agree. But doesn't mean she'll automatically be fine.    Same. I'm prude as fuck and sometimes I wish I weren't.    I mean. A girl and a boy are not so different from one another ... If you're convinced girls are so different, maybe you're looking for the wrong type of girls. Just talk about whatever, and eventually you'll find something you both enjoy.    Exactly! It's all so genuine and they aren't trying to shove a message down your throat. Actually, this entire project was not a commercial, just some guy who wanted to do something.  I really love that other half, when they see what sunscreen looks like. Especially that first lady that goes "WOW!" I don't know. It makes me happy.    But you described being with your boyfriend negatively, while you described being alone positively.   I do believe you took a decision, you just feel bad for taking it.    Nah. Just gonna save my money and do it myself. I'm looking after a one year old and I think a fishing game would be really awesome for him, so I bought one. Turns out the toy I bought is not baby-friendly. I'm thinking about making simple fish on Photoshop, print them, put a paper clip on them, get a stick, some wire and a magnet to make a fishing pole, and call it a day.   The good thing with young children is that they don't care about appearance yet.    Well, you took your decision, haven't you?    "I am craving some alone time with myself and I."   "Going over to his house isn't my idea of alone time with myself."   "There will ultimately be some form of drama/stress going on."   I was planning on going to return a toy I just purchased a couple of hours ago. Turns out it's for children 3+ (and the child in question is only a year old), and I decided to just make it myself, which could end up being cheaper.   But now, a part of my body is bleeding and if I were to move for too long, another part of my body would rub against the bleeding spot, and the friction would not help said spot to heal. : (    [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9BqrSAHbTc) from last year, encouraging people to wear sunscreen. They see under UV light, and see what their skin looks like. The music is extremely appropriate and soothing, and obviously the way the images were taken and edited is artistically done. I don't know. It's just beautiful.    Ah, excitement pee? Looks like I'm gonna have to show up with a mop ready! Thank you : )   Thanks! Those are the best videos.    Thank you! And wow, 9 months. Feeling a bit reassured : )   Yes! Leaving pets behind is terrible! I understand your feeling totally.   Thank you. I truly hope mine isn't the exception to the rule : )   I'm currently in Germany, and will be until May 2016 (15 months overseas), and I have a dog back in Canada where I resided before. Long story short I wonder if he'll remember me when I come back. I already feel bad for "abandoning" him (though it's not like he's with strangers. he's still in the same house, with my mother and grandmother), but he's still my dog, and now I'm gone. I'm really feeling emotional and I don't know what to do.  Anyway. Anyone else has reunited with their pets after a long time away?    I've been considering Mirena, to be honest. You're so lucky! But I wonder if anyone can get it, or if you need a legitimate reason.    Yes, it happened to me a few years ago and today. I've had a Facebook account since I was 11 (I am now 19), some of my school friends joined a year later, most of them joined when they turned 13 (since that's the rule). Thinking back, I was the kid who would take pictures and take videos most of the time. I believe the first ever video I posted on Facebook was of me, a couple of friends and I, doing a [dabke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMEHhv_DAB8) It looked nothing like that, by the way. We were a bunch of kids, and none of us knew how to dabke properly so the choreography was basic. It was choreographed by our Grade 6 teacher for us to show our parents during our primary school graduation ceremony, and we decided to practice and to film it.   I look back at all those friendships I've had. I think I have had a friendship with almost everyone in my grade once I was in High School (mind you, my school is a small little private catholic school, and high school is girls only). Me taking pictures or videos, posting stuff on their walls, updating my status like every hour. Then, some time in 2009-2010, I would update my status maybe once a month, twice a month ... usually to get a point across, concerning something from school. For instance one of them was something like "To the girls posting pictures of our Christmas project on Facebook, do y'all wanna be killed by a nun?" (we had this project where we would go visit a school with less fortunate children and give them gifts, an we were obviously not allowed to post the pictures of the children online, but no one listened to that rule).   During that same period of time, I stopped posting pictures of myself. All of my Facebook pictures were of my favorite celebrities. Then, on November 24, 2011, I posted my last two status ever. The second to last one was "Slowly but surely becoming more and more anti social ..." and about half an hour later, "No more selfishness." I was going through rough times, and I decided I was not worthy of people's attention anymore.   Few weeks later, I blocked my profile. No one can post anything, no one can view anything, except my profile picture (but then they wouldn't be able to open it). Few months later, I deleted everything related to me: so pictures, videos, at some point I had changed my name and deleted all school friends. (When people started noticing, they were like wtf! and I added some back. To this day, I have maybe 40 girls I have yet to accept their friend request). Then maybe in 2013 or 2014, I took a full day to block every single thing I have posted since 2007. So basically, if you were to see my Facebook profile now, the only thing you'd have access to would be my cover picture because it can't be set on private. Of course you can see my profile picture (right now, it's [this gem](http://36.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kvm1hjyQcT1qzm6hyo1_1280.jpg) I found online), but you can't open it to like or comment on it. I still don't post statuses or anything, actually.   Sorry, this is long. Today, a friend of mine sent me a screenshot of a message I sent her back in 2010, and wow. I was a different kid!    Thank you! But may I ask something? Do you mean like, as you're inserting the tampon, you go from feeling pressure to feeling nothing? The bigger tampons never really hurt (unless I'd put them in a hurry), but there was so much pressure down there. That was so uncomfortable. I could feel that my vagina had a thing inside of it that was not, by nature, meant to be in there.    I guess so. But when I say I would feel my tampon, when I started using the bigger size, I would feel pressure only, and not the tampon itself (I believe). It felt like there was something stuck in my vagina and it wanted to come out, but wouldn't. I feel the same when I'm on my period and a blood cloth is about to come out (sorry, tmi), so I guessed this feeling was normal? But it's not comfortable. At all.    Oh my. Poor girl. It's honestly the worst feeling, and to know that someone else can smell it just kills you.    Yes hopefully. To be fair my first time was scheduled by my parents and I guess they didn't care about that much. But yes now i'll definitely try choosing someone with whom I'm comfortable!    Thanks! I guess I will give it a try! : )   It never actually came out while I'm walking (I have big thighs, there's that), but then I would sit and then *whoosh*! But while walking and all, I would actually feel it moving down.    Thank you so much : ) That's really nice of you to think so. I like your positivity!    THANK YOU! This will save me tons of unnecessary loads and presoaking!    Yes, you're totally right. I know there are men who are not sex addicts and whatever, but I feel like I would never meet someone who's just okay with the idea of no sex at all, ever. Maybe I need to go out more.  But honestly, I don't mind being celibate at this point. It would be too good to be true to find someone willing to deal with an asocial type of personality disorder, random busts of anxiety, constant depression, and on top of that, no sex. I will honestly apply to have my own reality TV show if such a thing happen, it's so unlikely.    I used to use Tampax Playtex. I started with a (I believe) medium size, but it would slide off. So I went for the bulkiest one, and I had no leaks, but gosh was it uncomfortable. I've seen OB but because a medium Tampax would slide off, I thought it would be way too small.    Thanks! And I'll try actually selecting a doctor. When I went to see a gyno when I was younger, it was an old man! Nothing against men of any age, but it made me extremely uncomfortable to have one looking at down there! I'll look for a younger woman.    Oh I see. Yeah his movies are quite out there and not for everyone. Oh well. At least you liked one! : )   Thank you for the suggestion! I'll think about it   I know, but another problem is that I'm asexual. There's no way I'll ever find an asexual man, and there is no way I'll find a man willing to give up on his sex life for me. I was so sad and desperate about it, I was willing to allow my potential partner to sleep around. However I don't trust that someone would go and sleep with countless other women, and come back home and feel love towards me. I'm pretty sure they'd lose interest in a instant, because sex and the intimacy that comes with it seems to be the foundation of most relationships.   That's why I said my genes had a reunion. Nothing about me screams "I can be in a relationship!" It's not impossible, but ... still a 1% chance (literally. 1% of the world is asexual)   Oh yes! When I wear jeans, it's the worst! I stopped wearing jeans for that reason. At some point, the smell would not come out, even after three washes (It did with vinegar though, but yeah. no more jeans for me!)  I will look into that special pad! Thank you! : )     Nah. It's coming from the toilet bowl. After each use, I pour some Ajax in it and it does help. I just ran out today though, and I was too sick early today to buy some more.    Yeah I totally agree. I guess my opinion is biased because I saw two other movies from the same guy, and they were absolutely brilliant, and I think a bit more straightforward anyway. Ever heard of The Shining? Or Clockwork Orange? Those two movies are incredible. The only critic I'll have to say though is that The Shining is not as scary as people say it is. Other than that, amazing.    Oh you know, the holy trinity: Depression, Anxiety and a personality disorder that is characterized by bad solitary habits. And not always by choice, but because we don't know how to enjoy people's company, or we don't know what to do in it. Yeah. I'm single for life!    They did! I tried wearing tampons for a while and I felt like a sweet baby every time because I wouldn't smell. But honestly, I don't like having a tampon on. It feels odd. I'll have to think about it. Smell or comfort ...   Thank you!    Thank you! I'm wondering if it's an infection as well. Man, I need to grow a pair and see a doctor. Let's say, last time I saw a gyno, it traumatized me!    Have you thought about people analyzing it? Sometimes, it can ridiculous (remember when you had to analyze a book in high school, and the teacher would be like "the sky being blue represents the sorrow blablabla" or whatever) But I watched a movie from the same guy who made this one, and oh my. Brilliant, while I watched it, even more brilliant when I read about it.    I literally put the problem in bold, though.    If you read what I wrote, you wouldn't be wondering what I just said. I said, the smell spreads out of my vagina, and is like an aura around me. That is an issue. I don't want my bedroom to smell like my vagina. I don't want to go out and have people look around, wondering who's having an hemorrhage on the bus. I don't think that shit is normal, or we would be hearing about it. A lot.    Thank you! I have to admit though that I feel really ashamed about it and seeing a doctor eye to eye to discuss it is my biggest fear : /    Trust me. I am not really fucked up, I am just not attractive, from head to toe, **without missing the brain**.   I wrote this exactly because that does not seem to help. The iron smell remains, no matter what.   Nah son, I can guarantee you on that one. It's like my genes had a meet-up, and they were like "Let's fuck her up real good." And I'm not even talking about only the way I look! I'm talking the entire package, from head to toe, without missing the brain.   I think it's one of those movies you cannot like, unless you truly get it. Personally I am not into movies, and I only managed to go trough a couple of minutes of it, but it did look pretty cool during those two minutes!    My bleeding vagina begs to differ. Why do you think it would be written by a boy?! Honey, if you want to be negative, don't comment on here. I'm looking for genuine help.    I never really understood why people were so into superpowers. I think life as it is, is pretty great! I would never in a million years accept such a deal.    I'm hating myself. One a month, I stink. Doesn't matter how many showers I take, how many gallons of perfume I pour on me. I go as far as using perfumed baby wipes almost exclusively. I've even sprayed deo, air freshener and the smaller ones you put in your car, towards my nether region, because it freaking stinks!   And it clearly smells like blood. I'm talking a very distinctive iron smell, that radiates around me. Now even my room (think of it as a studio apartment with its own bathroom) smells awful! I'm going out to buy myself candles and matches because this is not okay.   Anyone going or who have gone through the same? What has helped?    And honestly I don't think that many people would understand the science either, even if they thought about it. Not calling people dumb, but it's one of those "simple yet not the first thing you think of" phenomenon.    Lazing in bed because I'm not feeling so well. Gotta go out to buy food though, and I certainly am not looking forward to that. It's already 7 pm and last time I ate was 6 pm yesterday!    I find it funny that people would fall for it, just based on the name. Why would a demon from Mexico be named Charlie?!  However, if you see it happen, I can understand why some people would fall for it. Objects "are not supposed to move on their own", and people won't know that there is science behind it. It just looks like two pens moving on their own, to the average person.    I'm only 19, and yeah I definitely think if you believe you "have" to be in relationship, that is a huge problem.  Personally I know for a fact I will never be in a relationship, and I kinda don't care anymore.    That's the thing. They can't love you.  Personally, this didn't bother me until I noticed that people who liked saying they love you without knowing you are the first ones to walk away once you open up. So why bother.   I think it's the opposite. My definition of love is too complicated (hence why I say loving everyone = trivializing love), and I don't see what one-sidedness has anything to do with it. I mean, if you think love cannot be one-sided, then you're realizing that love is a complicated thing, and you can't just be walking around loving everyone. Someone saying "I love you all" is showing one-sided love.   On a related note, I love languages where love is said with different words, depending on the situation. Japanese is one good example. I believe they have three ways or saying I love you (or more?)    Man. I am not funny nor do I insult people ...  So ... thank you very much! Honestly you did not have to.   Hey do you speak French? I have a good joke, but it's in French.    Yeah I understand. I just wouldn't call it love. Maybe appreciation. But not love.    I think lol just indicates the mood you or the other person is in. Like. You could be slightly amused, lol can be used as a way to make whatever you just said less serious, it could be used ironically (like person: "Hey can I borrow 100 dollars please?" you: "lol". it clearly means no, but in a "hahahahahaha! no." way). Etc.   I don't want to sound mean and negative because I truly appreciate people who feel this way (if it is genuine), but am I the only person who doesn't like this idea of liking or loving people you barely know, or not know at all? It's just ... odd. And it doesn't feel so genuine because, well, you don't know that person. I feel like it trivializes love. Oh well.  But you seem genuine so I guess, good on you!    I don't live at home, but I am not fully independent yet. By that, I mean I have no bills to pay, so nothing really to worry about. I moved away from my family in February, and the time I'm spending away will come to an end some time in May 2016. I do not want to move back with my parents at all. My plan was to move to a city about 9 hours away with my dog, and to go to school there (in Canada). I am lucky enough to have parents who are saving up money for my education (unless they're lying to me about that ..), so I will be using this money for school, then try to get a job. The city I'll be moving to is really cheap, and is right by the border, which separates it from a major American city, so there is opportunity from two lands there. I think I've matured enough in the last few years to understand that this isn't going to be easy. At all. And I've accepted potential defeat, though I'm still a stubborn kid at heart, and I refuse to fully accept the outcome of potential failure (like moving back with my family). Doesn't mean I wouldn't.   Stories like this scare the shit out of me. I like to believe that I'm ready to live alone, and in a sense, I am! I am partially doing it right now. But money wise, I am terrified. I don't want to have debts, I don't want to be worried about where I spend my money. I know how to budget and I can live cheaply (though sometimes I go overboard), but who says I'll be getting a job? Who says I'll be able to live cheaply at all? For instance, I don't need much space so a studio apartment is perfect for me. I found one for less than 400 dollars a month, which is amazing. Everything included. However, a roof over my head is not the only thing I'll be needing to pay for. Of course, bringing a pet into the mix basically means paying hundreds of dollars for it per year. Will I be able to afford it? Also, food. Food is not so cheap in Canada compared to the US. And, transportation. The city I selected doesn't have a good transportation system, meaning I'll have to figure something out. Driving? I'm not a fan, plus it's expensive. A bike? Summers are hot in that city, and Canadian winters are not really forgiving to bicycles. And ... who says I'll be getting the hours I need from a job? Who says I'll ever get a job at all ...   I'm sorry I'm rambling. I am just terrified of failing.    Same. I actually despise "good" weather. I remember one day going to Florida on my own to visit family for a month. I came back home, and for about a week, it rained non-stop. I told my mother about it (and how good it was) and she replied "Oh, you just missed an entire month of rain!"   Rainy, gloomy, grey days are what I live for.    I always end up daydreaming about lives I could have, but I know for a fact I won't. Like being financially stable, good husband, good children, good location. Though lately, I have been daydreaming about a way more realistic life, though the circumstances that would lead to it are never going to happen to me. Ever. It's a tougher life, but the positive aspects of it are still pretty much out of reach for me.    Same. I can't seem to go to bed early, but I also have to wake up relatively early so I'm always tired anyway. Though Tuesday night, I only had about four hours of sleep. Fucked my entire sleep schedule and I've been napping during the afternoons. Always 2-3 hours, still pretty tired, and still unable to go to bed early at night.  I feel your pain!    Yeah I think the only really positive thing about Reddit gold is that it's helping the website. That, and the fact that whoever gives it to you is hella generous and deserve an honest thank you (since they just spent money on you, which is always something to be thankful for). Other than that, I still have yet to figure out what the craze is all about.    Man. Let me tell you about the sucky history education I got from Canada. Well, I'm from Quebec. I don't know how it is in other provinces. Basically, we would talk about the same things, every single year. "Once upon a time, First Nations. Then Europeans came, and we became Canada." I don't remember any teacher mentioning what happened to the First Nations once Europeans came. It's as if they magically disappeared, or accepted that Europeans were going to make their land ~~a capitalistic segregated hell for them~~ Canada.   I think High School is when we started mentioning it. In a "Look at how rich their culture was! :( We ruined it!" way, but without following through with how problematic the situation really is for them. We'd close this chapter, and go on about how White Canada was made, and how good Canada has been during different conflicts, and how we're a pretty good country, etc. First Nations are just part of chapter 1.    I watched a documentary on that and there was a man who called the cops on himself, ran out of his house holding something, then when the cops caught up on him, he raised him arm and was shot immediately. He didn't even get to raise it completely, just moved it a couple of inches up. Turns out he was holding a remote control and his plan was to kill himself through the cops. Not a single one of them felt bad about it.   Lucky you! Going to Hamburg would be my dream, tbh. Is it as awesome as it looks though? It looks kinda like New York. Well, I mean the "cool" mentality. Ethnically diverse, booming culture ... paradise.    Hannover! I took a [picture](https://40.media.tumblr.com/d20fedd306ed61a86d4f20d9cfaea6e4/tumblr_np0vowMEbq1r7qdrvo1_540.jpg) of it when it happened. It was so weird. The entire street went quiet, and then "clop, clop, clop".   Hey I live in Germany and I saw two horses casually walking, too! Except, they were mounted by the police. I guess that's normal.    Thank you. Actually she tried giving me another date, and it includes the weekend, which the family (they work long hours) use to spend time with their families, to have people over, etc. I don't know their plans at all, and I don't want them to change theirs in order to accommodate me and that person.   She said she would go to a hostel for the days that were not planned, then go couch surfing. I don't know where that kid will be couch surfing, but I know it's definitely not in this house.   	106
